hello everybody and welcome to a night
of LAN party dungeons and dragons
tonight I will be the dungeon master and
I will be running Brandon Nico and D
through another epic campaign of mine in
this one these adventurers stuck as
members of a barbarian tribe a pneumatic
one that is scouring the wilderness for
survival when one day well we're gonna
find out so Sam Nico and D are veterans
of a D&D I is my first time playing
you're not if you guys have never played
before because you can learn it through
through my eyes as we do this because
I'll be asking I'll be asking some of
the noob questions as we go a lot so so
let's just get a quick look at what you
guys are facing here this is your camp
all right and as you can see there's
some sort of civilization encroaching
into your your peaceful wilderness
hollow does not use uh it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter there are large Hills
so guys what's the name of your tribe ah
team huddle we are I mean we're cool
dudes for cool dudes we we don't like we
don't like streets there's a rubber ends
why do we need a name we're just the
tribe the tribe with no name actually
you're right the tribe the day begins
like any other day you guys are all
huddled around a warm campfire together
with your families and yourselves as one
tribe we have a couple characters here
we have one character over here this is
the town elder his name is Bartholomew
is it's not the most barbarian name but
he is a wise old man who has has helped
you and your tribe for years and years
and years as you can see there's a few
other people around campfires well and
that's your families so Brandon I would
like you to introduce yourself and your
wife and your son to everybody hi my
name is bran
short for Brandon a brand I'm a I'm a
barber barbarian obviously strong driven
man yeah you know with with its sights
on the future and he is also well liked
by the tribe and specifically the tribe
elder yeah because he's got a crush on
your pretty much like the tribe champion
you're the trying it here's the cheese
modest don't let me don't let his
modesty for you Brennan right Brandon is
the tribes champion you can physically
beat up anyone in the tri exactly mm-hmm
so that makes him the champion here's I
married I had a child but what's what's
your name what's your name her name is
Matilda Matilda and what's your uh what
is that I think you have a son there
what's his name his name Steve Oh Steve
my personality rate is that I
misfunction long words it sound smarter
mmm my ideals as I've got a destiny that
uh nothing really steer me away from his
higher calling like I am I'm destined to
lead this tribe to success and beat the
champion to hear other people that's
great uh and flaunt convinced so much by
such an undying faith in my destiny but
I ignore my shortcomings in my failures
along the way my character he is a human
ranger his name is daryun no he's a
hunter he hunts and kills animals for
the tribe and he is really good Archer
so pretty valuable I'd say to a small
tribe like this I have one wife and her
name is Mira and she was actually my
bond I love mera more than anything in
this whole world but I use it but Luongo
and two short swords I generally yeah
I've used to short swords on my back
till you cut your hair I'm just so my
personality trait is my character he
never relies on other people he
generally just realize himself to do
things and get things done and my flaw
of my character is that I distrust
absolutely anyone I don't know oh so my
character is basically the druid of the
tribe his name is no
ki na n ohk I basically he lives in a
tree more or less but it's like hollowed
out in the bottom there's kind of been a
hut extended for what the three that i
live in was planted when i was a baby
and therefore mean that tree share a
bond is the tree out here yes either sri
which which time is no that's a little
bit further away from like okay found it
was this one pretend pretend the tree is
not right next to that camp well that's
why you came back the camp here is
because i would never let something
build a campfire that close to my treat
okay well it was probably just fucking
this tree over so protective of it
really protective of the street because
that tree is my bond Nico it looks like
what is this was what you have a wife
and child as well Oh as a druid is how
surprising yeah most grandson do what
cause I know what a lucky drew it wake
up yes the name obscene see your wife
there in the cool like sideways post
like yeah and your child can see can you
see your child down a little it'll the
little girl your daughter yeah what's
your wife and daughters name ah my
wife's name is Lily and my daughter's
name is maple whoo named after tree well
millions on a tree it's a flower yeah I
mean I didn't made my wife okay you're
right you didn't all right my deal is
that of unspoiled wilderness and the
people living with the land like a like
a classic Native American tribe and my
flaws are that i discriminate against
outsiders you guys are chilling out at
your campfire one day in the end the
p'tree builder he's covered in rags and
he's frail his bones are frail and he
walks up to the campfire and he says
today is the day of the hunt you must
feed our tribe with food
to the direct north of here I sensed I
sensed food I sensed an elk perhaps near
perhaps more I feel like it is up to you
to hunt down one of these animals and
bring it up bring it back to this tribe
to feed us all everyone roll perception
checks okay so so what time of day is it
it's at night nine in the morning start
2020 oh my role is 16 well then no one
else even asked a role because neha hear
something sorry no key here's something
what is happening is there is a small
care of it small wagon the horse-drawn
wagon coming through the trees and it
stops at your camp and what happens is
the driver hops out of the wagon
and stands before you he says ahoy
tribesmen I come in peace he holds his
hands up would you move my character so
he's looking at the cart I bring gifts I
see I see you're worn leathers IC IC or
low rations I bring gifts I see we have
a town a burgeoning economy nothing far
away I bring gifts I do not want to harm
you I only come in peace and he
immediately starts taking out like a
fine suit of scale male and he he goes
here any offers is he's like please
remember this as a token of faith from
our society to yours are you you look
strong oh I'm worried we'd never
interacted with you before I'm worried
they might be bringing some sorry
disease our way here a gift from me to
you do with these as you wish 20 steel
tipped arrows scale nail rations / to
like however many grains who want to
take all you want we have a farm nearby
and with that I bid you farewell and he
hops on his wagon and he hits his brake
lights and his reverse is it food and a
frickin bust out of wine starts going
back to town so you took the scale meal
yep I don't take anything specific did
you tell me that's gonna take the arrows
so the village elder inspects the grains
and he says well perhaps this will feed
us but there's honor in the hunt you
guys wanna go hunting I'm done not I
hunt every day this won't be so yes I
didn't want to go little Stevie little
Stevie's like papi are you getting food
and then you hear little little little
maple go up to her gupton dokey and say
father I sound exactly the same as a
young boy ok so i have speak with
animals so if we just walk out into the
wisdom but i can find a bird asking
where the nearest ears they seeing walk
down in bing bang boom Hunts over got
some food you mean like we do every day
like we do every day every day with you
it I've grabbed my quiver and I grab my
bow and I kiss my wife
goodbye I want to walk away all right so
sweet we have a great relationship
there's a bird that flies to the trees
and the knocks went over with a great
powerful force of its wings and it would
be and it rests up on this tree over
here I grabbed my little necklace it has
a little wooden spiral on it with some
various like leaves wrapped around for
local forest and I use it as my focus
and I cast a spell which is speak with
animals and the bird snaps its eyes
directly to your character and it's you
here like it's a little thoughts going
like see flying rats deer elk deer they
say I to the north I mentalize exactly
where you went well I can speak so I
more or less aspirants intelligence the
biggest whore legged animal it's seen
and you know its exact location right
here oh wow it's that's an elk mmm
that's an elk you're right it's a knock
guys there's enough not too far from
here well the bird flies away does
anything it wait before it flies away I
ask it anything else strange in the
woods he says suck my dick hey was that
burns in you nothing ok you guys it's
closed elf and just chill all right i
roll the 12-minute do what I do and I'm
gonna take us to this elk that's a no
right yep I'm take cellco i'm going to
stealth roll 18 stealth up to that ok
you can see it ok I can see it okay I'm
gonna stealth up team here I'm gonna go
start doing a very wide circle and just
in the process i'm gonna try to move
around to the other side of the elk
moving on to the right i guess i'll do a
double move so 60 feet well okay I'll do
it with you for now
will be I'm going to stop up to this
tree to get a little closer and try to
try to get my eyes on this what's your
stealth uh 10 all right I it does not
see you it makes it small it just goes
10 feet this way and just keeps grazing
okay for this tree right here i am
within range cuz i have i'm sharpshooter
ability is a feat that's all my arrow
and I'm going to fire my first shot out
of this bow first shot of the game poor
charlie game show the game boom hold it
18 so that is it 25 all right I'm gonna
damage well David's will you quit strike
the elephant bellows Arteta boom aight
on my case see I you do 11 damage arrow
dives right into the Alex neck and the
thing just like kicks and bucks and then
just falls over oh yes I continue to
spend the next five minutes cutting a
wide circle only they come upon the
groups in the north with surrounding and
dead elk all right to where you want to
be all right all right go for anybody
both you guys romy perception and
stealth checks right now is that price
tag off I'm more to like the east there
you know so deception is balls man yeah
and stealth is mine everyone is effing
11-plus love is that your perception is
here plus 4 plus 4 15 uh you here um
noise actually coming near this tree and
you'll see something else moving here
okay where you want to move all right
there I'll look like here you move one
square this way yep can you see there's
a giant bear that's been sitting here
and you guys have not been able to see
it yet everyone rolls initiative stealth
fair so fair man named let's go to sleep
I rolled a nine I got 16 I role is to
what is it okay 12 d you go first cool
or sorry i'm not the gary okay so since
this bear I don't align a sight I'm
going to shift over and go ha ha pull
why decide on this guy and I'm gonna
drop my bow back and I'm going to shoot
you but but I have the Sharpshooter
ability so I am so confident after that
last shot that is based then I'm gonna
take a minus 5 on this attack rolled on
it and if i hit i get automatic plus 10
damage Wow okay ruff okay so tank 10 you
whip its air goes over the distance
you're not even close man all right I'm
confident my next turn brand so you can
move 6 spaces and then a strike if you
wish you can go one two three four five
that's another good to me yeah it's
gonna make close enough to hit it I'm
moving right in there and I'm gonna I'm
gonna wail on that sucker with my great
sword okay so it must fix it hit yeah so
well that all right hand 617 get roll
damage the Bears turns in snarls at
Union 7 + 4 11 it gets hit let's just
get slashed by your blade 11 points and
Amma to please okay move me up to there
hey all right telling if my Senate I'm
one two three four you want to blanket
you know I don't need a blanket as long
as two enemies are attacking the berry
school got it so I get to roll to D 20s
to the 20 strides maggot take the high
stroll take 14 plus okay it's hit roll
damage on that bear it's so pissed seven
points of damage seven point of them
gets hit it's like her and look straight
through straight at you in the eyes Nico
right and because it's facing you ran
straight towards in two tries to bite
you right back all right try Blair it's
not gonna happen cuz bears hmm does he
12 hit nope it go here and tries to
fight at you and then here's the thing
it makes it's a multi attack one with
its fight one with it Wow shield don't
move the same it this is haha and it's
uh it's your turn a little bit and do
you make sure you don't miss on the time
right now this time I'm gonna
concentrate i'm not gonna let my
confidence right behind that bear d all
rights go i'm gonna roll in eight aces
ver Ryan's head you hit 24 sweet that's
a hit royal damage damage 11 damage Oh
actually it's already hurt so I get an
additional bonus because i have colossal
slayer added 1 d6 to my attack roll of
authority damn boom manages 14 y/o so
close the arrow goes into his name in
like the bear like coughs and spits out
what it's like so pissed it's kind of
sad because it's a beast of a bully
message it is so close to being gay I
don't know as a tribe I don't really
want to do with a bear like this but
it's goosed Brandon brand it's your turn
I'm gonna go for the kill because it is
probably it's somewhat important to my
my ego finances did I get this killing
blow well that's why we're here champ
readies his great swords rolls of 22
for the hits a hit heck yeah come here
comes the damage does 14 damage to it
you take your great sword and you swing
it towards the bear's neck and you
straight up shop the Bears head clean
off life like a laser ever seen what
heroes do some of the people there I'm
impressed I'm personally impressed a
baby arrows don't don't do so I mean I
did I mean is that what you're saying to
me right now I'm sinkhole in internet
out right do ol boys are gonna say is
under my character role play no I'm
saying is one bit tell me what tell me
what you say I like over to unite save
you ever seen a bear's head fall clean
off like that you little arrows just
poke holes in it and ruin the best hide
how about this mr. bear's lair I'm gonna
go soon that elk and do our tribe what
we need to do all-new is bare bears
you're the one to chop his head off fair
enough leave man big there here you go
man friend yeah Brandon why don't you do
this role me a constitution saving throw
do you roll a new ad plus five okay 11
we're starting to feel sick ill
you have a sore throat and your skin is
itchy ran you can also buy belong in the
better set in town this you can diagnose
diagnose I'm feeling I rolled a 15 what
enrollment I got a good day Brandon is
good as anybody else mini pox I knew it
the feet brand only a constitution
saving throw as some bad news wait no
our camp members 20 natural 20d felt
sick for a brief second then it's like
hmm I'm good actually yeah Saudi is
totally fine you're showing symptoms of
mini pots uh Brandon roll me a d4 roll
need be for right now and pay roll roll
that one all right so your constitution
score is now one lower than what it is
temporarily until until we were filled
that i'm ninety-nine percent sure this
has to do with the trader that talk to
us earlier it so every where the camp is
probably already exposed and when you
back to the campus prolly get all the
stuff that we got from him oh wait I
knew we shouldn't forget it actually no
I shouldn't trusted it are you sick I'd
okay I feel one hundred percent fine I
mean I feel totally fine I'm one wearing
the skill mail maybe it was just in the
mail but if they if they put something
into the game mail they must apply to
run back to camp and makes me go back
the grain okay I go back as fast as I
can everybody roll d fours in general in
just in general everyone role would be
four
132 sorry what this is what happens no
key starts instantly running back to the
camp he sees three soldiers in your camp
one is over the bodies of his dead wife
and child ah you see lily and maple are
dead you see that mira no not mira is
nowhere to be found you see maybe she
stole a lot of Tilda and Lil Steve are
nowhere to be found how many birdies
guys hi I draw my bow and arrow you guys
get the surprise round okay okay roll
initiative okay 719
16 you also see that the town elder is
on the ground you can't tell if he's
dead or not though but he's bloody
Darien's your terms of civilians man I'm
there draw an arrow and prepare to fire
at this swinger right here who's
standing over the elder cuz I afraid
he's about the killer okay oh I rolled
one so Carbonear in motion I am like so
shaken because I'm so worried of mirror
I just like I'm like totally hate to
shine roll yourself half damage so you
cut your hand okay thank God you only
villains all the way there were so I
lose to hit let's row so mad at
twentieth all right so r and it's your
turn I'm going to use my charger
building so running in here right up to
this guy I'm gonna attack him I'm
instead I've got the option to either do
five bonus damage or to knock them back
10 feet looks like the fire is about 10
feet behind me so I'm gonna be knocking
him right into that fire with this
attack all right do it all right oh hey
pretty cool hey oh not good okay I just
critical failure just we both we're both
so emotional about not knowing our
families are we're just like totally
right with it soon yeah yeah your career
for failure is pretty obvious you fall
into the fire he tripped and fallen to
the wire some so just put yourself on
top of the fire and the fire deals you
this much damage you take two points of
damage and start burning yourself all
right I'm shaking a tubeless container
it's no concern I move up history taking
cover behind it in a cast produced flame
a little flame appears in my hand I can
roll up 30 feet I do so pro at this guy
trying to light his cloak on fire it
does 1d8 fire damage I rolled the 1919
plus 6 you guys when I would that would
hit alright hbu whole damage boom yeah
it's 128 fire damage how's six sweet
alright you built six damage to one of
the guards and close start on fire and
immediately start screaming all the
guards suddenly go at what the hell's
going on they turn and they see everyone
is burning guard turns and sees you
because you failed yourself weren't good
enough this one he flicks the blood off
of his spear and my jobs better my
wife's fun both mixed together and this
one ignores both of everyone and it's
going for something in this tent and we
hear a spoon you know precisely Jack
this game I really are I'm gonna press
up to check to see if I can see who that
screaming is I really you know exactly
who this is 1999's mera in this tent
bring that tense oh ok and now with that
this is burning guard is sees this
person who just catch them on fire yeah
it runs straight towards you and tries
to stab you with a spear Christine touch
me a chance
now the next one here that just killed
potentially killed Lily enabled sees the
others little here and he sees this guy
burning in the fire is our party others
savages and he runs up to the savage in
the fire and tries to thrust at Haley
with this spear man these guys suck nine
doesn't hit you that's for sure i know
that no he's just trying to stab this
burning guy in the fire and as we see
that one over the park is now stabbing
his spear into the tent trying to kill
something critically fails it rolls a
one I think not he rolls a one and what
he does is he winds up the spear and I
like it's caught on a sleeve in it does
the same thing that you did with your
arrow and it slices his own arm bleeding
from his are more like he doesn't say
thats what is my tivo Katims he's like
Garrett gall darn it dang that's what he
says whatever anything point is he's all
bleeding and bloody and they just your
turn do their visas okay Leo's I'm gonna
I'm going to step over here and I'm
going to shoot him straight in the back
of the head if you miss Michael
lieutenant be careful not gonna make you
miss your wife
just sending it hits goes through 24
we're in the back of the head that's
true it's true oh he's already damaged
to get the role in extra 1 2 3 4 05
damage 5 damage it goes like this into
his arm and like sticks throws his other
arm ins blood comes out he's like he is
pretty jacked up with that he like it's
a reaction he just kind of turns to you
freaks out he's freaked out that was a
pretty solid strike especially after he
jacks himself up to anyways brands turn
I'm going straight for this guy that's
right next to me cool runner on the back
side there and I'm gonna swing at this
this mofo do it 13 which is a 19 hit on
my team and damage wise I do 15 damage
to 15 damn it oh dude champion rolls up
behind us cars so his sword flies
through and just goes like too soon head
straight off body in the fire burning
dead no key stern look I just slashed
him flash him / them with a 18 18 pissed
I do seven points of damage slice of
across the chest and blood starts
squirting all over place he's still
alive though he bloodied as you can see
by the blood all over him anyways it is
now the guards terms the guard in front
of no key takes his spear and tries to
stab you
he sucks like to tell me already misses
now the next guard on fire not on fire
he's not on fire he has just messed up
and jacked up he sees everyone and he
yet takes a full round action to start
fleeing 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 dang
be shot he starts proofing away in fear
it's your turn I'm gonna see this guy's
spring here the woods i'm going to chase
out there one two Freddy's drew to my
bank four five six yeah I see him like
like popping their treat him draw arrow
a shot shot ready chanting trees well
I'm gonna roll to hit him 22 princess
mononoke him let's see how bad it is
you're like a 10 pop turn 18 18 18
points 10 points of damage to his brain
18 points and this head it just explodes
it's just straight through his skull
fragments brains guts just like just
rolling rolling in it with blood all
over the ground romy perception check 23
the corner of your eye you see a wagons
it's like this one pulling away from the
house and going over the bridge just as
you look away from your your corpse
after that I'm going to use my last move
action to move one back towards the ker
na my turns got it and bran
you got a real advantage I'm playing I'm
shot to 2d tweeze and you take the best
here we go it's 15 plus oh that's a hit
you if it think it's and damage wise
we're doing 13 damage done you destroy
him you kind of hate him and it's kind
of loose associated parts that kind of
go flying away into the tree already Joe
go over nikka Oh girls ah got him a
mouth everyone is no longer in
initiative no one initiative is over ok
ok I merely run towards my wife and
child and hold their bodies and start
crying all right no yeah maple I'm gonna
rob says 10 dart over the tent I don't
you look at the village I just I jump
over his body as I'm running to get to
the tent your wife is alive oh thank god
jeez there it's he's like Oh Darian how
dare you know O'Meara O'Meara you ok
didn't harm you did they oh but they
killed everyone else you ok though you
ok ok hey they took the tailbone is
Steve middle speed they talk to the
slaves they're not gonna sneeze the
Sarge is Tuchman they took them to tell
you oh you're so beautiful I know also
sexy what I'm sorry oh oh oh you go wait
hold on to vault the village elders
Emmett I turn around and go to the
village older before I do this both his
legs are broken and like backwards boys
really like the yeah there's always a
line the wrong way I got one hit point
left 1919 hipple one hit point my god
I've never known anyone who got that
look make me a fire feed me some food
food before I died because of
village elder is so weird probably drop
my you're the weirdest okay Oh avenge
the tribe come back to me with supplies
and maybe he'll me all you have to tend
oh I know I know your family's dead i'm
gonna try to persuade him right now
who's a lot i fault man dude you guys I
gotta run personally I don't give a crap
about the village elder he sucks as a
village elder my opinion wanna me run me
into hiding event shows look I'm the
village elder take these gifts with you
it's a scroll of lesser restoration ran
for your ailment perfect thank you it's
three healing potions one for each of
you lesser minor healing potions you
remember how I'm so wise yeah it's
actually because of this ancient madona
in the night wearing and let it take it
and offer it to one of you dibs wisdoms
my name modifier meet go for it yes I
Radley died users no can you paint this
medallion of generation it's a medallion
of divination you can cast divination
once per day it's a spell all right now
it's our kind of here we go tenon
intimidation it's like it's like divine
I'm gonna use it right now you hear a
voice in the back of your head ask
nature a question where our brains
family where is Ryan's family
brands family once whole now separated
one near one much further away and
that's the answer and the spell ends
troll that's it Brandon when your family
members has been taken I think one is
here somewhere well I greatly appreciate
if you'd help me search uh I'll see how
well I can perceive through these tears
in my eyes you roll disadvantage because
you tears in your eyes down again digo
say look right guys there's my dead
child like yeah yeah didn't he just
doesn't actually help I don't care isn't
this is there some like cool sy stre
that no key knows about here's the thing
just put us a new tree for a little bit
while you guys go every Darien real talk
real talk I'm happy to put your wife in
my tree but frankly I'd never really
liked the town elder I've always thought
he's kind of a goofball he's kind of
crappy at it you guys are chill though
so your wife can say they're heating up
as always later Gator so he's an old man
are you gonna leave him to die death is
part of the circle of life the old man
is like this makes a funny sound a bird
flies over
swords oh good things does a pool
backflip the sick flip and lands next to
him and like rigorous rates regurgitate
some food into his mouth I go nothing I
don't want that happening my house you
kept the bird hey it's like I feel
better but my legs are still backwards I
don't have a dry sting circa trying to
move on his own damn you try usin and
I'm gonna move on my coop he don't
himself one hit point and he has zero
hit points you know a zero hit points he
broke his leg even harder when he tried
to move in he said so and that means
he's dying and i'm gonna start rolling
for him to truly die if you guys don't
save his life we have no room to have
someone burn us he's well beyond beyond
saving he's certainly not coming with us
to go after his people that attacked us
i draw my short-sword i'm gonna put him
at his misery he opens his eyes like
this a little bit oh hey guys hit with
your sword near his neck what's going
we're gonna take her an escort her to
the tree all right do you guys do that
you're back and you're good she's gone
she's at the tree that's what your home
trees like you can see she's pretty well
hidden there's like animals sniffing
around it and stuff they can't find her
this is a bear that walks up right there
in like poops it's like no one here
anyways so like anyways I'm gonna search
the soldiers bodies for items or any
clue to where they came from or who they
are so basically d finds a scroll on one
of the guards bodies it says there are
were orders to come and clear the
outskirts of the town of savages so that
they could build more farms the order
was set by or vole the cleric of quinton
Shire Orville Quinton Shire Orville of
quinton Shire sent these orders directly
all right Nico I'm gonna do with the
corpses of your bed me a family the dead
ones take my wife and put it right here
and I surround her with like various
leaves and moss that will help encourage
decomposition and mushrooms and like
spores oh you're gonna make a part of a
tree and I do the same thing with my kid
and I sprinkle seeds on top of the
bodies and over the next couple weeks
they will decompose and they will turn
into fertilizer for new trees overall
and wine themselves around my country
that's beautiful beautiful significant
and also you just got an inspiration
pull yes you got an inspiration point
Martha found eco that gives you
advantage on anything you want was that
great you only get one effectively at a
time when you want to use that up boom
suddenly man you get advantage of
anything you do um I remember the memory
of my kids and wife my kid wine that's
pretty one else pretty sweet that's
pretty awesome what do you want next
guys all right let's go get more people
Oh thousand 319 crowd we got him we got
a posse yo gotti season people up in
this clan boom some one direction arrows
someone in that room
