today is the day of the hunt you must
feed our tribe with food I you do 11
damage arrow dives right into the elk
neck and the things like chicks and
bucks and then falls over bosch three
soldiers in your camp one is over the
bodies of his dead wife and child ah
mira not Hera is nowhere to be found you
see maybe she sold on a tilde and Lil
Steve are nowhere to be found no six
damage to one of the guards and will
start a fire soon hit straight off body
in the fire burning Kiki poisonous your
wife is alive
oh thank god they took the pill them
Steve news feed they took to the slaves
v finds a scroll on one of the guards
bodies it says there were orders we need
to come and clear the outskirts of the
town of savages the order was sent by or
bone the cleric of Clinton Jean Orville
Quinton shy Orville of quinton Shire
sent these orders directly what's up
everybody tonight we are playing
Dungeons and Dragons and last time we
left off with a very traumatizing event
for our party bran Darian and no key a
barbarian tribe went out hunting and
came back to Cedar Village slaughtered
and no keys family is dead darienne's
family thankfully survived but brands
family his wife and child are missing
they are on the hunt to find them
place yourselves at the edge of the
forest when you're ready okay so let's
figure out what we're gonna do plan of
action ok first off Brandon's family is
missing still right yeah you find them
secondly just find the leaders of this
town and assassinate them I can turn
myself into a rat and I can go around
town and try to find them or we can talk
to animals and toys so as you guys are
discussing this something interrupts
your conversation there is a son and his
father walking along the edge of the
stones here and there you walk along the
stones and you're both carrying sacks of
potatoes for seychelles they're walking
along in the young young child has
potatoes I love potatoes and the
father's like well you know who makes
the best potatoes I'm gonna shoot
omorrow don't know oh I love my mother
to mega like the harbor Cato stinks I'm
so excited for the natives tonight this
evening is going to be the best when Mom
mix up wait does that sound like that
sound like my son's voice that does not
sound like your son's voice these look
like you farmers oh I hope the
strategists never come down from the
hills well we'll kill the savages sudden
oh yay father when I grow up I want to
kill the savages tears and they walk
alone guys hey whisper do you guys a
partner I started guide bother to sleep
at two I can do it from a dismal just
for a little fireball on the corner who
magic I like that I should gather all
the poisonous herbs I can find in the
woods so that we can start you know you
me too Sam I'd like to use my herbalist
kit and scour the woods and find some
poisons starting now I rolled in
nineteen yeah you find thistle root
thorn Ruth black widow Ruth green green
horde and root and you find classic
green finger you also find yellow yellow
tang rude saint's name down I hear that
you guys I don't know just write them
down and I'll tell you what you do when
you hit me when they strike the target
all right we're gonna we're gonna wait
till the cover back the lights have gone
down the people have moved inside the
houses from the farms and it is it is
nighttime it is dark you still see some
candle light coming from the insides of
some of the buildings all intensive
purposes it's a great time to do a
stealth mission sorry yeah you guys are
snow at the user divorce you are over
looking at a small farming community and
it is your turn as we're standing in the
woods got my cloak up I look over it my
two fellow tribesmen how do you want to
go about this I like the idea of burning
up in that town on I'd like to sneak up
there and look in the windows just
making sure cuz I don't know where my
wife and kid are right now it's a little
concern about just randomly burning
buildings down that's very smart I'm
pretty stealthy guy if you want to get
it for me I got a plus-5 my stealth iris
I respect that if you want to do that
for me cuz I'm kind of bring up I can I
can go and check we're gonna we're gonna
stealth up to the wall everyone start
rolling spell checks fit 15 18 for me 23
alright move yourselves in positions you
can barely peek over it on your tippy
toes and what you see is you see an old
man smoking a pipe outside of a
farmhouse on the other side there and
there's candle light coming from within
that house quiet guys if you give me
about 15 minutes I don't transform into
a lat
I will run through here over the bridge
into town scope out what kind of
buildings were looking at and come back
to go some more full picture it's a long
ways two runs a rat yeah are you sure
you don't watch out into the house
unless your wife isn't there it really
doesn't matter like we have to find the
people responsible first for that is low
ones we're gonna go some most issues and
they're the ones that deserve to die
first let's not forget the dying words
of the old man of our own a village
elder he said that my son was closed and
my wife was further away or one was
close the other ones farther away so
we're already something moving up the
old man kind of perks up starts standing
your reg on arrow I'm gonna shoot up in
the face
Freeman 20 oh that's a hit hey damaged
his face Gennaro flies over the over the
stone and the squinting old deaf man
gets shot in the face with an arrow just
I straight of dice all right be ready in
case anything else comes out okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna stealth up to the window
remember Legolas intended los altos
rolling out of self wholeness tell 23
all good all right all clear I go I I go
up to the window and I start to peer
inside the window a new perception shot
real quick I'm gonna turn to rat I'm
gonna do my thing or you actually know
I'm a cat all right you're a cat Nico um
are you gotta get me go get a cab yeah
my pants on black kale your this will
this cat does matter and your this cat
here's can simply this cat now so put
that on the game board your characters
disappear right roll me a spell check
right now let me spell check ain't plus
my over cats all right so I mean it's
just a cat everyone thinks your cat so
and that's it that's it all right so
brand anything for you I've got d's back
I'm a roll of perception check to see if
I see anything coming you know around
the sides of the house anything in the
area cool bussing that out with a with a
19 I believe nope 21 when you install
your door open over on this side of the
field here and what happens is there's
like a young boy who comes out and
scampers out and not the same with young
boys earlier he just goes over to take
it a start skiing on the tree all right
I do a perception check and I look
inside the window of how some leaning up
against I got my cloak and I like put
myself against the wall
I got a I got rolled of one all right so
dillion Darien walks up to the window
and is about to peer inside when he
doesn't realize that his his bow he's
actually sticking over his back a little
bit and goes like this on to the window
and hits the glass mine what you see is
just one person per cup from their bed
and it is a young boy any sight oh he's
just waving at you and then I I go ok
it's like
burning your house tonight okay and then
what else would weigh what else I see in
the house ah you see see three other
beds and there's other people in the bed
yeah just you know just bigger circle
shapes brand your turn yes I'll sneak
right over to the corner of the fence
here to get a better better point of
view right here you can I see that far
to just any identity of the night little
boy you can see this this is just a
small little farmer boy okay not my sis
not my son not your son and he goes back
inside the house take it body Trickett
throw I'm back drag them over and just
freaking toss him over this thing oh
good nice good he's out of range all
right Sam what do I see from the street
over risk at night actually I know where
this tree now time team we got a cat on
the town Niko's a cat on the town you
see a guard beating a slave having him
lift heavy crates for him in the corner
near the ruins of the old church you
also see what looks to be like a busy
tavern with people drinking and drinking
and drinking and you see also the
merchant who sold you your not so savory
where's he's there kind of the smoking
his pipe looks like he's going about his
business he does he does he's on the
first that's what this kid he's like all
right so our back at Eastern the day the
child that you saw opens the door he
slinks outside he's in his nightgown any
site are you still there
Oh what about I knew you were real I
knew were real the whole time I gotta go
there was a you in the woods and I'm
like try not to laugh I like I like
really stayed out grandpa did you see
good grandpa are you still there and he
looks to where he looks to where the old
man was he's like listening he's rolling
a perception check directly against
herself both you bran okay we're just
like uh I got a 14 he rolls a 2 in farts
I think oh well I guess I wake up again
tomorrow night he goes back inside this
house your family wasn't in there but
there's three other people are you a
hundred percent sure I'm sure they were
okay trustee okay they weren't in there
let's check the other house ok let's go
searching I'm gonna run up to about here
and they did perception check and check
on the house and see what i can see if I
see lights and stuff in the windows I
got a 18 these do see lights on it's
much smaller house no little like
storage areas or anything it's just a
very basic little house like this I'm
going to install my way out and hop over
this fence you did it okay bear you go
back poof imma back to do it now okay
you made it back here you go Yeah right
back okay I'm gonna fill in brand as to
what I saw in the place cool all the
people all that kind of stuff cool i'm
going to peer inside perception check
jewel peak in 07 perception uh basically
there's a little fog on the windows kind
of blurry yeah you can see there's two
lights on there's pro there's probably
people inside here I can't see anybody
specifically no run back over I come up
to you guys and go hey what's up I go I
feel you and everything else assault
okay cool like that's crazy you can turn
to a cat I I always trips me out
I can't I can't tell who's in there I'm
not sure if your family's in there or
not I didn't get a good enough for okay
all right I'm gonna go up to that house
and I'm gonna take a look at it do it I
micelle right to the door with bran all
right dope 9021 I got yourself to just
putting you there over here boy which
side of the door do you want to be on
like I want to be by that window cuz I'm
a peak in first one last check you know
are you looking ready through it's a
little fuzzy you can see there's two
people sleeping in there and they're not
my son nope you do not see your son have
you got a 20 I wouldn't that why yeah
i'm gonna turn back i'm gonna give me
kill you know that though all right
milky the thumbs up cool if you want
just go in there and over we could do it
I'll quiet like yeah we just kick that
door in yeah I don't I bet enemies are
back football these aren't enemies of
children we can deal with the town let's
just leave these people ya know d the
children will die too they all die we
agreed do you get rid of father so you
don't know what it's like they murdered
my trial man i'll take theirs ok i will
all stand watch out your art is made is
wrapped in thorns right now all right
all right I'm gonna stand here anyone
who comes out that door that isn't you
I'll put them down ok yeah I'm ready to
barbarian it up let's kick this door in
yeah here's a few check the door locks
ok Oh what I went to just leaned on it a
little bit and see the creeks I don't
know what itself is a self-check kind I
use the same role understood is really
good you're all the to it creaks
seriously it's not a one I mean they're
asleep you have to really screw up to
wake up sleeping person's this is
unveiled now Niko's open the door and
inside he sees the following he sees a
sleeping woman and a sleeping child and
a large chest
it's a good thing that Darien hasn't
seen this because he probably tried to
talk about killing his this will name
child but I think we should move in
there and both simultaneously do the
dirty yep beaker you want the English I
great guys want to go Mike you first
okay I'll take the shot sounds like the
one you're going side he's a future man
at least yeah I wrote me one more
stealth check roselle check boom it is a
244 total 66 total all right you guys
both move right up to these sleeping
people and it since they are sleeping
they have a very large penalty against
seeing you guys you guys have to roll
very low them okay these are I'm going
to roll their opposing roles this is the
mother the mother opens her eyes it sees
you and she takes a big gasp for breath
about to scream LECO Sneaky's over the
bottom our way I merely reached my hand
out and cover her mouth alright strength
check you're trying to grapple her your
honor you're trying to keep her from
screaming rose you'll roll against their
strength right now quick uh 16 pool yeah
she beats you she gets her hand
optically ah oh my god I'm like god damn
it gobbler head off all right roll roll
it straight 15 hits damage will damage
huh I roll a
six she dies you slice her neck as you
start completing all the best however
he's playing simultaneously dilatation I
see this is olive oil on Nico's messing
up i get my boy blade ready everyone
after his son i enroll 821 hit hit the
sons eyes open like this is with a great
sword time tell me the amount of damage
you roll it's great shirt I roll I hit
him with a beat damage this is what you
see seizes the Sun and may be right as
he opens his eyes your blade literally
just slices his face into and just blood
and my heart hurts but you know what and
then mackage time they're both dead and
that scream was only about like we're
like half second of screaming you
reacting pretty quickly I've had two
20-sided die out of my pocket I said
Nico let's roll see his first pick in
the truck yeah 19 20 all right I
dreamers yet it first alright Brandon
you find a potion of invisibility boom
baby you also find a person crazy these
like little peasants happenings yeah
what's a freaking heirloom dude they
would never use it yeah it's just
totally honest never drink the potion of
invisibility yeah I was pretty darn guys
yeah that's pretty darn it was a darkest
thing I've ever seen having an indie
game just so you know but it's went out
I'm town playing the character how'd it
go uh who was on the heretics not poorly
I heard a scream that was the life as
afraid as one of you what no I'm just
kidding come on another house to hit
here tonight this is the night is young
knocking sockets yeah we're gonna move
up to this house there's a door in the
back of the house store the back go
ahead i'm moving around the back of
their I'm uh uh 13 stealth Sam up to the
other side of the house all right you're
with me Nico yep okay need to a knife
yeah I'm gonna walk up and put my hand
on the doorknob and slowly turn it to
see if I can like get it to open still
picture still
super silent unlock it opens okay I slip
inside all right i mean let's try to
open our doors absolutely yes opens in
when I stopped check the door ah 20 also
17 plus 3 all right so we're all inside
the house without the emergency pieces
position should screw through this is
what the house looks like and that's
nice that you're in excellent all right
guys what are you gonna do I'm gonna
point silently went to the uncle i
motion my head towards the guy who's
sleeping right next to father yeah the
father and that's and I stand next to
the woman and child and kind of shrug
and then point the woman i guess i'm
already my action as i do it I'm gonna
put my hand over the person's mouth no
start a sward straight dude everybody
roll initiative surprise Bowl initiative
oh I'm rolling I am 17 donkiz gonna wake
the whole time Oh 979 and remember long
and we kill the old man in front of us
House seat yeah this is what happens
everyone's reading their actions the
father role in natural 20 here everyone
the whole time he has an entire frickin
sword under his pillow and it wakes up
everyone there and start striking at the
first person he sees which is period
he jumps out of his bed with his sword
and strikes at you right now because a
16 16 is my honor oh that means
technically it's always players favor so
he runs up to Todd savages ah with that
everyone in the building wakes up sorry
you failed everyone shoots awake
everyone else is not awake but prone be
sure to shut the doors he hasn't shut
your door nope I don't did you tell Sam
each other I don't show why would in the
go I mean that's just like Ranger why
don't work it's white this one really I
did alright so the next turn is the
uncle who wakes up upon hearing the
father wake up back technically he's
kind of whip for some reason anyways the
point is he's got a whip when he looked
straight at nokia he stands up he
strikes from his bed which means he has
disadvantage on his attacker oh yeah and
you have advantage against him
disadvantage on a whip oh wow I rolled
two fours anyways the point is he goes
like corks and Witt tries to rip in his
important pitch the same like he whips
the whip and with the rest of his turn
he tries to stand up drawing an
opportunity attack from you
this is 14 Hannah you okay five points
of damage five points of damage ego
slashes the old and it is for instance
i'm gonna move over to the uncle and i'm
going to attack him i'm attacking him
swinging with a with a 13 it's it's i do
i'm 13 day mr. 13 rabbits damn oh my god
you just run up stack them through the
wall and why just you just topples over
guts and stuff everywhere he looked like
a pretty decently man he looked like a
kind of guy who beats people to death
for a living good average is no period
since i'm close range i'm gonna take
both my stores and i'ma stab them both
my swords nice to d6 and then add my
mother outdoors and dual wielding if i
do ain't damage for justice screams and
starts bleeding all over the place it's
know keister all right i'm gonna try to
finish off a ban hi is a seven hit no no
sonequa runs up and like swings above
his head mmm the father is like looking
at youtube doesn't know who to hit cuz
he hates vocally gets his status he goes
for darien he takes his sword it was
like just died savage ah he tries to
stab you
I just Roy ass there's a seventh hit no
nothing happy go home first turn Oh
uncle is like this oh did it a thought
my turn anyways uh basically the mother
and the child going oh ho they get up
they stand up they spend the time
getting up there standing up there
screaming in the corner c return brand
i'll just swing my big sword also gonna
fix vs to the Father pretty confident
you're finished okay you know what you
gonna okay so you're gonna move up to
him yeah sure I'll move up on the father
this night is my role Joe hit with the
21 it and do 14 damage to 14 damn god
damn literally you turn the sword
sideways you don't even hit it with a
blade and just kind of like smacking so
hard this face caves in and fall across
the floor dead you instantly kill them
more teeth from a necklace yes more
teeth for your necklace just cutting one
family justify another family being
killed I don't think we ever stop the
things up are we doing to them what they
just sent to us that's pretty jacked up
anyways here is this you guys are
barbarians uh you guys don't ask deep
questions like this okay so get over
yourselves laughing to do this yeah I
allow you to do whether I'm gonna go to
run up to each to them since they're
saying each other i'm going to take one
sort of stabbing in each of their
stomach oh come on you can do that well
i'm gonna split my dual attack so they
only paid you would do exactly well dual
wielding the way it works is you roll
this you roll twice the number of damage
dice and then you add your mark our
afterwards okay so I'll just roll them
both separately one goes to one person
one goes it another person please report
thing okay but I'll just uh nullify my
modifier so to make it fair yes I most
is the most Legolas oh yeah oh yeah I
remember all right roll Wilson role in
the package I'm gonna roll attack this
is for the mom
is 19 get and then this the other ones
for the sun 10 yeah okay this one's for
the mall 5 damage to the mom this one is
for the kid I do one damage they get all
right so you run up to bothell ohmic
like you stab the mom through the
shoulders she's like it starts screaming
and you stabbed the little kids through
Nick his arm and if your swords dig deep
into the wall and it look the motor dies
a little child looks next to receive his
mother's boy and I on your sardine start
screening I use the one left alive in
the entire this kid just you stamp can I
just put him in misery uh yeah hope so
horrifying we just teach him a lesson
Zoran no no I can't have a kid online oh
now I want a water you're gonna come
kill him okay he runs over the shot dog
tuna yup 15 and I hit him for 11 image
you cut his head off boom he dies oh
that's my feeling we'll be hearing that
time to get in our nightmare see rolled
reception check time to move the bridge
has 17 I got a 23
this is that my son I look I hear this
it's like this which directions afro
visit let me take a look at the actual
scale model the building and guess where
he was back shift a little bit shit on
that bill oh I just I run right over to
the back there and I'm just pretty much
I'm just kicking that door right in Iowa
I need someone to move that shit we got
lean against the door it's look is
little safe will speak that is little
steep you see staring so exciting crying
stop copy me they want me to work on
their farm and grow only potatoes for
them when today do they purchase you is
that what happened yeah don't worry you
don't need to worry son we put that we
put they won't be seeing any more
sunrises spot me for ten gold pieces of
choices don't let them baby anymore oh
it's all over don't you worry you just
eat me look I got stars well he's got
scars after a few hours later the whip
already and we killed that don't worry
we killed the man to whip you're gonna
be all right cuz I'm fine now that I
never see you again they said I'm dying
here lies here your father always come
back for you don't you worry you can go
back my tree I'm cool with that you wait
send it back to the tree yeah they'll
see who I tree and he knows always okay
he's playing the woods whose plane was
he's discovered before actually ever
everyone knows where your tree yeah
you're sweet that's ego isn't like
everyone wants about that tree okay i
bet you brought it up once as a joke to
the whole tribe the town elder was like
I know exactly where that is so secret
hideout oh go back to the tree is anyone
else alive from the town or the village
but they ride near is there she'll take
care of you oh she is one of my
favorites I said what about where's
mommy mommy mommy's next next on the
agenda son don't you worry I don't know
where she went when's the last time you
saw it's an agenda I saw her on on the
only on the cards I'm on the wagon all
right on the way
good good Intel Steve guys I just want
to congratulate you you did find a
family member one of brandon's our
brands family members and that's really
really fantastic and dragons tonight i
will be the dungeon master and i will be
running Brandon Nico and D through
another epic campaign of mine yes ma'am
oh man Toby's in the way goodbye Brandon
