good evening and welcome to another
night of Dungeons and Dragons with LAN
party in the last chapter of the story
bran managed to find his son who has now
been purchased by wealthy farmers and
landowners in this next section of the
campaign they will try to inch closer to
the mystery of the whereabouts of brands
wife and the mystery of what in the darn
heck these darn civilized societies are
trying to do with their dang land see
what happens
it's starting to hit midnight so all who
knows what kind of untold Horrors might
be beset upon right now so because I
mind let's move up to this uh movies
Bridget that's the commis way to say my
wife is probably being murdered right
now maybe we please go in like continue
our twist I'm killed floors until the
horrors are happening to her I'm gonna
stealth up to this point right here all
right crawling and then I'm gonna peek
up right about here I'm gonna look
around this area uh currently you don't
listen you don't really see exactly what
this guy's up to from that line of sight
ok because it's higher undisclosed
reasons um and what you see is on the
other side of the river here you see the
merchant and this soldier getting all
buddy-buddy and you see a slave
basically just doing a menial task of
like Reese packing boxes what's up of
this guy's this kind of God there's a
guy on top of these ruins holding a
lantern and he is just kind of casually
peering out into the darkness he's kind
of standing watch for the training posts
for the event and then there's a guard
over there there's not in front of the
tent the tavern you jump the river and
you kill this guy I also I've got
invisibility potion so I can get myself
over there no problem let's go customers
what is your jump spell do it gives you
three times in jump distance three times
my joke mom oh I would take that spell
and I will do exactly what you just say
because that plan sounds great and the
tavern door opens up tumbles that side
all drunk he's a good you know good good
babe and do yeah and he just goes over
here how long is my invisibility potion
last up to one hour a creature you touch
becomes invisible until the spell ends
anything the target is wearing or
carrying its invisible as long as it is
on your person how broken the spell ends
for a target that attacks or casts a
spell once you attack or cast a spell
you lose it so I'm pretty much I'm gonna
go across that bridge and I'm going to
scout out the exact location of every
single person that's on the outside of
that place okay
I have poison he's drinking he's
drinking I got five poisons don't me to
go over there now I'll go just like drop
man listen to the video you're invisible
we get simultaneous to kill the people
in the bar and outside the same time
door is open right I could go in there
and I could put it everybody knows right
now I give you all my straight down
figure it out yep here's my poisons go
doors open yeah done you go I'm gonna
need you to put them magic hands on
making me that give me that long jump
ability all right last for one minute so
we go one minute one minute d before you
could leave I'm gonna touch you you jump
you got it okay just see like patent on
the back is I'm running out okay let's
all right i'm gonna i'm gonna make my
jump and then when i jump I'm
immediately lay down and have my cloak
or tomato still shelf okay I'm gonna do
my job got it all day you got this deep
just roll it his role Biggs uh 16 you
there's other side fucking Sam Fisher
nice okay sure I starting pitcher Sam
start crawling slowly all right look
good I'm gonna grab I'm grabbing knee
goes up poison yet you got I'm carefully
not gonna be chugging the poison when we
chug in my visibility potion looks good
our supply I doubt it poop I niigata
same anymore yes I'm just gonna go right
up over this bridge quietly gonna
quietly go over the ridge and you get to
the top just put yourself on the top and
I'll explain an image for you what you
see is you see this guy's this drunk
guys penis yeah she and you see a drunk
man's penis and he's peeing into a river
you also see this sleeping drunk guy on
the side of the bridge and he looks like
kind of looks like a transient a
homeless man actually he's just kind of
there passed out are they armed on the
side of the bridge neither of them are
armed I'm just moved here where I can
observe everything I knew I can see it
most of everything except those guys
I'll do so stealthily so that this guy
doesn't see me up here 18 it's got an 18
great and now i'm going to pass the turn
to interview all right darien slip up up
here walk up here and that's where your
turn is going in because i'm gonna ship
to Brandon so okay bran is on top of the
bridge carefully get into position out
here full invisibility staying at least
20 yards away from everybody as it does
go around all right basically you take a
peek into the tavern you quickly get a
glance that there is a man with a great
acts at his side however he is drinking
excellent and you also see pretty much
first off there's no one who's in the
tavern who is not drinking frankly in
fact you hear this sound he's like oh
well I think it's about time his ships
getting late I don't I don't think he
wouldn't appreciate one and you see the
gun guard like lift of ale from the
counter and he walks outside he says
Jefferson and he's like oh yes it's like
anything of you tonight done and the
shift he's like now just another quiet
night it's like oh well Jefferson this
one's on me any handsome a frothy cup of
baileys it oh well you know I I don't
think I should drink on the job mm-hmm
have you ever seen anything out here
I've never except for those damn savages
sometimes but we'll kill them all
eventually he goes inside excellent so
Jefferson sits there any Ponder's his
ale he's like
he just puts it down he doesn't he's not
sure about this drink like I'm gonna use
my perception to see whether or not I
believe she's actually gonna take
another sip of this drink okay and I
roll a 17 once the other soldier walked
away he's trying to like he's drunk he's
he's drunk already and he was just
trying to like pretend like he's like
totally sober on the job we'll find out
drunks they always go for more sips so
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna use my
first dose of poison in his drink right
now mission to big reveal all right
stealth check right now stealth check
boom you get out as a nice bonus to you
double you did it one of you always it's
done so you slip it poison in strength
first order business here I'm going to
I'm going to slip into the bar here and
yeah all right and that's as far as you
get you inside the bar there's a drunk
guy passed out kind of like laughing on
sin that past that he's like laughing on
the floor and all these other people
I'll take no key nokia's up now he's
gets a little chance all right I'm
sending a creep along the wall lie down
so I'm more less onerous I'm scared get
to hear go prone and just crawl shimmy
up this Ridge lying down who I'm line up
here great trying to be stealthy rolling
a spell check aight cool this guy um he
walks by and he says Jimmy backwards his
eyes are closed okay his eyes are closed
and he's just coming to himself he said
and I said it I'm just watching now
anyway so we're going back to darien
okay daring it was over here i'm gonna
look on the ground and i'm gonna pick up
a rock on the rubble you got a wrong
cool i'm gonna take a pretty good-sized
rock and i'm gonna chuck it over here i
make a splash in the water okay okay i
try to distract these guys just do a
ranged arranged attack and be 210
get it okay yeah yeah I got it giant
rocks splash you see the the lantern
light of top shift kind of towards the
river is like just the fish are out
tonight all right yep oh man I wonder if
actually going on fishing today instead
I'm gonna jump up to here and I'm gonna
grab it that's what the guys dumped its
yeah go they jump you grab it yeah i'm
gonna go myself with it that you can
straight-up do that and then i'm gonna
slowly come up right here i'm a good on
its stealth check I'm getting some
shadow of mordor vibes up here LOL troll
21 alright so what happens is you jump
up there he hit the ground and they're
reflected and the guy goes it turns back
okay he got a 20 he rolled an 18 but was
the total 20 21 you're up there
completely totally fine brand I'm gonna
take us take a quick second since I'm
visible inside this bar to look around
perception see if anything out of the
ordinary is going on anything that would
throw me off a little snippet of
conversation here none of the crew is
late tonight thought they'd be here by
now interesting filing that little
information around my way I don't have
to hurry so I'm gonna slip over to the
cask the most popular hobbies you know
Castle diamonds rain from ya do a double
dose of poison into that sucker got sure
that everybody gets hit by well you
managed to successfully move all the way
over to this cast you are completely
invisible no one is manning the bar
right now it's a self-serve night and um
you guys are ya you managed to do a
double dose right and if I saw they turn
left i'm heading out of there now i'm
i'm heading back out up front pair
alright combat oh and back to know
keister no key no he's just milking on
let's go bro i give you a quick status
update on these fellas out here and
yard this guy goes back inside and he
just like barely misses our friend Grenn
and this dude sitting there okay guys
got his drink next to him still you know
even rod even all right that means he
can't resist even that means he can't
resist he reaches down to his side
perhaps the glasses of poison and he
zips it personally drinks yeah which one
did you put in there Nico dick give me
name breathe whose repay green Fang
windows last number one now d 8 plus 4
damage to Constitution hmm a plus 4y
equals the guy suddenly just grabs his
gun a girl ah tries to scream he dealt
literally you just felt him 12 points a
constitution damage he's dead he's just
straight-up just like all his hit points
literally just dead gone he's out
literally Fang man that classic green
Fang yeah we don't mess with the green
like it was silent it was just like dead
okay i am still prone this guy still
sleeping yep reception and if you want
me to it's about my Senate are so these
guys all right i just i'd like to ready
an attack ok go for it my character just
readies to s'alright the more ever that
when i'm always you to express any other
thought action anything it's no longer
ready next current is your turn there it
go I'm up here with this guy and I'm
gonna draw my boat and ready it since I
have a surprise can I get a advantage
when you're saying there's yeah
advantage right now boom ok I'm gonna
use my sharpshooter ability and take
minus 5 my role to the next 10 damage
done ok
so I'm going to take minus 5 on this 613
uh you miss yeah I miss God dang it I
should have shot so go yeah I'm five
feet away regard turns around and looks
at you oh man ah screwed it all because
he try to use just so hard if it's super
power ah everyone rollin issue I'm sorry
I take my move I had it ready sure go
for it he's just thinking about it yeah
he said he's the arrow miss completely
be like anyways I did a 94 hijacker hole
on this dude lying in the ground this
yeah we suck well we had such a good
plan until doing place falling apart so
quickly all right roll initiative
against a coyote okay everyone just
rollin achieved in general Darien shoots
an arrow goes faster guys like you look
straight at he was like whoa cool digs
his guitar thing out he takes his sword
and he looks at he always liked and he
immediately starts to swing it at you he
takes his sword and swings at you does a
14 hit no 14 head doesn't hit me mrs.
there's somebody here there's so ready
and the next turn is your turn brand
I'm still visible so I'm gonna be right
up to this guy as you're running up for
Eric by them you kind of see them kind
of look what do you mean this someone
out there who doesn't make any sense
you're a Europa um really confused like
what do you mean I'm use my charger
ability to get the fest plus 50 damage
bonus I'm an attack that right now poof
alright so I'm blown my invisibility to
do it alright so be it so 21 hit and
damage
kill instantly merchant dead sliced to
pieces explodes drink flies out splashes
on the boxes you come into existence in
the guard just is jaw drops seeing this
guy literally get cut in half and a guy
appears out of nowhere with this giant
sword dang added to the merchant not the
garden I got there both guards use the
guy who sold you your scale mail via
video well that's the guy named
something's gonna give me Wallace heck
yes then good guys like a guttural yell
as I do it I say I say incredulous came
loose and then the guards like whatever
the sun che award that day yeah oh
that's cuz I'm Missy's luck wheres
Johann smarter darius darius dude i'm
gonna use like reaction got my bow I'm
gonna try my swords mmm and then I'm
gonna swing don't swing at this website
these fish that fast you can drop us a
free and then you can use your simple
action to draw a weapon I'm gonna roll
the Hinnom 14 miss is go they go like
this armor okay my turn 1 2 3 dis +
walkway so from this range I cast hold
on this guy who will cast it with what
we save him against 14 using his wisdom
he's held it's cool so that works he is
successfully held and he's no longer
able to move now is the end of all your
guys turn smacking NPCs turn and Brandon
uh remind me what that little note was
that God I I wasn't will tell you guys
since since chaos broke up but said aunt
the crew is late tonight thought they'd
be here by now and what you hear is you
hear the sound of small trotting
carriage and the carriage look rolls up
and comes to a stop and immediately to
do is hop out and these are not your
average Jews they're not your average
lowly peasant slowly guards they were
kind of epic and they stand around
looking at this magnificent battle
that's in front of them and their little
confused and not sure who's on whose
side it's nighttime but all you know is
that one of them draws a bastard sword
it's a very large sword and he's got a
gold golden armor and a blue flowing
cape dessert losing his heart of those
group of people that attacked your
village he is certainly associated with
them and he's looking around trying to
figure out what is causing all this
chaos the only thing he can see one
barbarian about to slice down the frozen
garden
the other wrapped in cloaks no comment
the only thing that happens is the guy
up there is like he tries to swing at
you again he's thinks he can deal with
you before everything else happens and
Jose 7 it no alright nothing happens
he's whipping it he backs up to the edge
in fear and draws an opportunity
attacked her ok he's like everyone's
whipping each other but you're pretty
pretty poor mom your armors i still
haven't you whiffed it to everyone's
wearing it updated this is ok it's like
a real fight it's that goes back to
Branson all right well this guy's being
held by Nico I'm just gonna straight-up
execute so I'm going to swing 16 her I
mean 20 20 hit him yeah and I do damage
to him oh man he's just like cut him and
the armor just falls off she's just
barely standing like he's like he's not
looking very good back here trying to
okay what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna run
up to this guy and I'm going to show you
put them in the chest off off the edge
of the
strength check 21 did it I'm gonna run
boom boom boom off the edge just does he
break through that boxer bounce off of
it yeah Lil Sis eme break soon ah he
don't I dealt him he got so much data
study breaks locks food he's dead he's
dead he's over his life is over it's a
good that was a good way to kill him
okay all right hold on do you get a good
vantage point you're up there today yep
it's perfect ah I'm know I'm gonna I'm
gonna then take a step back pick up my
bow that I had on the ground and then my
turns done cool and no gates your turn
I'm all and guide draws their attention
really I'm he said he got Oh Samson girl
that's when I step out we're back
greetings I think we need to talk it's
perfect because it's their turn they get
to respond it's like one of the savages
from the hills it says the guy in gold
he's got a very deep voice he's got long
flowy hair he looks very regal he looks
like a paladin kind of difficult looking
paladin if you know what I mean like
level why's that intimidating a little
bit in fact and he looks directly to
your character nieces a lowly savage
from the hills and he rolls a 2 was
intimidation check and he's he's like a
seventh from the hills and doesn't faze
you at all and then his cleric friend
speaks up I knew that they will be
coming down at some point after
families he's actually going to spend
his round saying a little bit more than
just words he's going to say that and
he's also going to include in it a spell
and suddenly just worlds happen around
him and what you see is you see what
looks like to be demons hugging him
they're like orbiting around him
swooping around him like ghosts seem to
be kind of making what looks to be like
a super natural barrier around him all
right so else gold shield hey guess what
you can roll to see what it's actually
called me and what about it hey don't
forget about that five plus magic if I
listen Alan sorry I'm do you know he's
sorry not smart feels like that's Mookie
yeah it's a person I already seen it I'm
know any magic oh I'm gonna try I'm
gonna look look real hard 15 yeah it's
called spirit Guardians basically anyone
who enters targets anyone have entered
the city anyone who enters that aura of
spirit Guardians has the risk of taking
damage however the spell can be broken
if you break his concentration ah we're
going back to brand okay so this guy
when I last hit him I hit him for a
munch damage but he's still alive barely
I think we hold person is a coup de Gras
so frankly as a DM mistake I'll let you
film as if reactions dead ya holdin you
push them over and let the body parts
split on the day i'm just going well i'm
not just gonna push him over I'm gonna
grab you know into the hole in me with
my sword and just kind of ripped I guess
that's a day mr. killin yeah I'm
dropping the sword grabbing a javelin
I've got four of them and I'm gonna
throw it right at the cleric hey Dex
throw so you get plus four new role so
it's not you know nine yeah no no gram
it's
it's your turn I am going to step right
here at the edge and I'm going to aim
down and we're going to shoot an arrow
right at the magical guy he's doing
magic stones like this and like hawks
trading and my shooting all right in the
top of his head or or at least trying to
does a 22 hit
yup okay
nine damage to him all right he's gonna
roll against that the great
concentration not broken next it is no
key sir cast spider com I mean I climb
up at the end all right you're on the
blade and so the next turn is pretty
crazy so the paladin he takes a moment
and focuses and his hands glow and he
looks to you he looks the youth he looks
to you and he cast a spell everyone has
to make Christmas saving throws
everybody right now is missing Wow would
have salad in a real fight yeah real the
17 Joaquin regular we both get 13 you
both have 13 and 17 sorry 4d and Brandon
and this is a spell called vain that
basically affects all your roles this is
basically d you get minus 1 to attack
rolls and saving throws for as long as
he's concentrating and Brandon you get
minus 22 to attack rolls and saving post
as long as he's concentrating on
and you can run up and try and take you
out and now it's the clerics turn and
he's got these spirit Guardians floating
around and stuff like that and what he
does he looks to darien up top and cast
a different spell it's called guiding
poles and what you see is a flash of
light streaks toward darien he's making
rain spell attack against you dis
affiliate you know basically what looks
almost like a beam of light like a laser
just goes it explodes the rocks behind
you and totally good back to brands turn
okay well first orbison grab my sword
off the ground can I guys kind of backup
pi over then charge yep okay I'm gonna
back up back up one step there and then
charge and attack the Paladin head on
leave them all over the cleric for deep
it is a 16-2 is 14 plus six is twenty 20
hit 16 minutes 16 Dan Wow double six is
more important this guy's bulked up in
full plate armor he is literally a metal
shell aside this long long flowing hair
and just do it balances off and he's
like dude it wasn't hit a solid hit okay
yes please you noticing the solidus hit
I have everything I got guys how is
everything I got I'm gonna shoot my
arrow at the pallet attend how many hit
points to you would you think this guy
22 hit ok 32 of these is already hurt
nine points of damage till nine points
of damage succeeds on the concentration
check and now it is a key it sometime
guys I think back to earlier in the day
long long time ago it seems my hands
were still clean when I planted those
seeds I got inspired and it's fun time
to use it so i pod like appointment
memory for my mind you were so black and
white flash backed right now it's
ridiculous yeah yeah i mean like two
episodes again i'll be like are even
very good
a little bit at this two episodes back
anyways I'm gonna cast whole person on
the paladin between your inspiration all
right Sam DC save of will 14 was
advantage Constitution for his own
abilities was to listen whistle got it
all right 14 disadvantaged people 1918
no I mean no joke the Paladin takes his
bastard sword and waves it into the air
he's like Oh Quentin Shia end of my
civilization oh she swings his sword
down on you does a 19 hit you uh yeah
alright cool he damaged he slides to do
a damaged son at 25 back to the action
so the cleric he warms up his hands
Darien tries to strike into the rain
pack those widdy's won't hit loads off
the wall next to you in fig knocks on a
whole new window right here yeah full
exactly programs imma go right there he
turns to the Holy One and then for the
next part of the attack what he does is
then he simply just walked four grand
homely and these swirling evil spirit
Guardians start whipping around so
quickly in it gets kind of nuts wisdom
saving throw using the always been
saving for a ring
Oh
9 i'm very sorry he's evil spirits are
swirling around for you and you are
dealt 3d 8 necrotic damage Wow 18 points
of damage 15 but there's our time in
seven yeah else or juice and it goes
back to brain that's rough you have to
get away they're going to kill you next
turn if they get another chance so you
can use your action to disengage from
them which means that they won't be get
an opportunity attack but you won't be
able to attack them this is looking
pretty dire for you only have seven
health left like I don't feel like I'm
the type that would never back away I
can probably single handle do more
damage mr. than both you guys run balls
on tech right you're gonna raising the
tax I'm raging attack you don't do any
range you can plus TV your damage and
you get an attack twice and what's
reckless attack you want to wreck this
York okay looking back actually am right
now Rajon right no do it do it is the
guy definitely a rage Oracle attack i'm
doing one to eat music player so 16 you
hit the clerical damage book on the
player okay so clerk gets
plus it is 13 15 damage 15 damage is to
beat about 15 on this role he rolled 17
so he's not you do not break his
concentration but we dealt with 15
damage he is very very hurt now Palin
time it's so he gets a is point2 it's
hit to the tip and that's six level 12
loses concentration spell breaks you
both household that's no more
disadvantaged nice to plant is so 12
amazon nicely done your turn I'm gonna
shoot at the cleric and hopefully hit 20
my wall
when he hits okay he's already here to
roll an extra key 8 17 whoa food
these guys disappear flags dead um so I
ever time mangos been standing on the
hell you go man adjust it on the side
five boys back down meadows Melanie 25
yeah I produced fire my hands and just
throw it Adam but you just walk just
facing throw fire yes I can't go any
further I can only go walking speed when
I throw fire Adam it's a I role of 13 16
is 19 does he dodged 19 nope alright
well it does what was finally breaks
yeah 3 points a day just yeah it's just
he's already burning look at his hair
starts oh yeah like my aim for his gly
yeah my golden hair like when he's
quivering he's unsure what to do now and
he's like oh I'll never back down from
the saboteurs we're righteous oh please
try to hit you there's a 19 n yes Oh
you only get four points damn can fit
fit ok what's the slaves doing Oh down
to three paint he's like suitable we
still are made to find out by like in
the in this poison isn't working it's
magic oh and people everywhere like
brands turn smartest thing to do
probably back off but I'm not the
smartest thing smartest guys so and I am
feeling pretty confident worst part so
cuz your range plus I'm enraged so it
just doesn't seem like that run away at
this point you can do a t20 wool
critical head you get a critical hit
your old double dot boys right here we
come here comes here comes a fish and
blow guys a sword now and it hits for 6
10 11 14 plus 4 18 damage an enraged so
20 damage
his bloody law judges like whipping
around like a little helicopter and
stuff nice really nice work I almost
died somebody loves my god i'm really
curious like i'm super curious like all
those roots i was really looking forward
to actually giving use them on somebody
so i'm just going to go in here and open
the door and see what happened everyone
has been drinking during this battle
drunk out of the mines not paying
attention to what's going outside and
they are all dead except for the garden
it was paralyzed with fear he Sprint's
out the door and tries to he's just like
running into the woods dangit reaming
he's screaming for his life fear I'm
gonna shoot on him that's right he's
dead at this bar I am running after him
I'm not just gonna stand there okay and
I see Nico Russian running it was almost
an 18 ah 11 ah that's a hit ya six and
it's in the back and Steve still keeps
going I like to keep running I'd like to
try to catch up to him as hard as I can
no I take it back before i move I turn
into a dawn I don't run as fast as I can
Oh judging our speed differences you'd
be able to catch up to him around here
okay give him in the butt right by him
in the Turkish I really won let me feel
you you bite your tongue until roll
damage have dogs don't bite their
tongues everybody knows that before are
you don't feel too damaged to yourself
okay oh oh then you better end it Nico
we killed every guy here you bet I'll
kill that one guy I got one bonus guy
I'm saving for after the time like I
said I didn't count well I'm gonna run
in front of them and transform into a
human being
and kind of cut him with my semut are
all right yeah you can eat and gain
enough here come here so I run around in
front as a dog and somebody come out of
it as a human into swing at him loser
dude as he runs by I try to clothesline
him across the neck compressor another
17 for the attack all right you hit okay
seven he just goes out I'm gonna hang
off the edge and then just let go and
drop down about 10 feet we've all you
guys are getting some gear here this
sword is not really relevant in fin
edition anymore but regardless you can
use it if you want to slow the bastard
sword this basically it's a deep end
single handed sword he has a leadership
doing i'm currently he has a clean set
of full plate armor oh you also get an
item called goggles of the night you've
dark vision to a range of 60 feet that's
everything that's on the paladin now for
the cleric who checks the clerics potty
I just think you should see oh yeah 11
woman 15 go home to many major bill of
sale on the clerics body for your wife
so the clerk has already sold my wife to
Mayor von trois would be the root of
minutes all he's pretty clearly the root
of all this evil yeah that is the
evidence right there on his body and if
i'm not mistaken i feel like that is the
last clue that you guys need to figure
out how to regroup with your entire
family bring them all back to safety i'm
going to go over here
and finish some unfinished business
that's a 13 you slip the drunk guys
throat and that's the last person in the
town alive other than the slave all
right yeah all right that's pretty metal
ending all right good work guys so you
guys have successfully completed this
entire first section of the campaign in
order to save brains family and we have
one son found we have the wife who is
still left in peril dan tells grant gets
an equal can't explain there you go
that's funny that says my is my first
time playing because this one buys an
airport program OS knows the road and
Reynold look guys I can't keeping with
my guests are faced with an arrow I
guess ready to go on a cross-country
road trip cross cross grocery run I'm
gonna cross crunchy your feet with my
boot I call the blackboard
