checks the Claire's body Ashley as you
see oh yeah 11 woman 15 gold own pay
your bill of sale on the clerics body
for your wife so the cleric has already
sold my wife to mayor bunch Ross would
be the root of minutes all he's pretty
clearly the root of all this evil so
here's the situation you guys you have
just busted through a tavern you have
poisoned the well so to speak everyone
has died there has been a there was a
traitor and a small carriage that you
have commandeered it seems also there's
a bunch of dead guards hanging around
you have the information that on a
ledger specifically that Brandon's wife
was taken to the mayor's house to be a
slave and you have everything on the
outskirts of the tavern at your disposal
so with that you guys must decide how
you're going to get Brendan's what back
I have to admit that even though i'm
ninety-nine percent Philip bloodlust on
at least one percent happy to my wife
made the mayor's house cut I mean I've
always found her place she's a classy
lady I can but I guess this just
confirms it it's cool guys I'm cool is
you can talk about your wives it's all
good he's a guy let me tell you guys
little story so when I was a young druid
like I don't know what's young and read
years 15 years old I was like 15 Harold
druid is just a little apprentice
through as a drew back then just a
little jewelry young drew yo why you
energy drew he was an Asian rap so I
went fishing this one like but I lost my
bait I thought officiate it but it turns
out that the my beige it's got loose it
also turns out that that bait bait I was
baking me go Louie got loose guy it's
descended done God weighed me so that
species of fish spread
and encroached and eliminate all the
other fish in that pond the only way
we're going to survive no matter who is
in this group of settlers how good they
are home to st. innocent they are these
are two species fighting and I've seen
what happens before my druid nature
skills tells me what happens when one
species wants the resources over another
I know I know I know how you feel this
is what's happening right everybody is
hell-bent on killing everything I don't
know exactly how you feel because my
real life they are dead set on wiping
every single person out but I need to
find a way to provide consequence for
this well you know what I don't get
about killing innocent women and
children now because last time that made
me kind of give me an upset tummy how do
we bring a moral dilemma to this
situation let's find out I'll make it up
on the spot what happens what happens to
our tribe how do we there's no stopping
these people from growing and expanding
all these lands lost forever guys have a
plan let's head down this path may be
using the cart for now head into town
and go to the mayor's house sounds good
to me this was your camp wow you guys
went down slaughtered some pools down
here and then went to this trading post
in the tavern which is down there the
mayor's house is right here oh it's so
plus it's so convenient so you guys
decided to rest a full day and come back
here during the next day you guys have
healed your wounds you've you've clearly
thought about a really great plan and
you see you see a very large half wooden
half stone mansion up on the side of the
hill and lo and behold you see two
people walking up along the path so they
are they look like noblemen and a
noblewoman and they are they're walking
up the path okay let's leave the
carriage here let's do let's get off and
let's let's roll people are you guys are
in an intersection and
another carriage comes around the
intersection starts going after to the
house as well yeah McCall and salmon say
excuse me the carriage comes to a halt
the driver on the top of the carriage
turns and looks at you is like eight yes
what is it you need something excuse me
were that we're none of these boxes this
is the direction that we is this the
direction of the mayor's house yeah it's
of course it is it's the website he was
going didn't suspect a thing and do need
you a self roll from this distance say
good night SI 1916 plus 3 sweet let's
work these two guests keep walking up
regards turn to greet them here there
muffled voices in the distance
discussing something the man opens the
door for the woman down
so we have to do stealth tracks a great
film where I did my critical film as
well we both quit field do you because
you do tactical slides into cover and
what happens is your sword falls out
sounds just like or you know again and
clips the base of this tree which sends
it falling over in the woods too bad
news all right I immediately turn around
and run away into the forest okay yeah
I'm gonna immediately lay on the ground
and start crawling backwards and this
move back was bearable I got 19 they're
gonna wonder what happened will you come
up with a good story for how that tree
haven't maybe we could lure the guards
company that's that's completely out of
the ordinary maybe this complete failure
this I mean I know we both clumsily
knocked that tree over you through the
trees you see a man peering he's looking
through through the branches kind of see
what was there here help help help call
them over to me while you slip away just
hide when it comes up just strangle me
gotcha okay fun i late I lay next to the
tree and put put my leg on our go help
me help it's really convincing yeah
there's someone over here here I keep
making mysterious noises I cook I
Michael's gonna wait over there I'm
hiding the butcher's yeah hide in the
bushes this guard comes into viewing a
range of everyone he's rolling an
investigation check if you are trying to
conceal your identity that of a
barbarian you have to roll deception
check against it now I am wearing the
guards closed great you have a bonus to
that okay so deception real big sign
ah for right what are you doing in this
glue I'm gonna catch the spell I go it's
my buzz about honor I'm everything my
brothers all my life saying that I'm
casting a spell guessing charm personnel
please help me okay it's just spell up
in his brain I use charm tell me defects
cool charm person you attempt to charm a
humanoid you can see within range and
let's make a wisdom saving through and
does so with advantage if you or your
companions are fighting it if it fails
the saving throat is charmed by you
until the spell ends which will be one
hour or until you are your companions do
anything harmful to it the charming
creature regards you as a friendly
acquaintance your brother's your
brother's armor my brother is all my
brother oh you looked familiar but not
in that way but I suppose that makes
sense right it's a little confusing at
night I know oh please please help me
the street collapsed on my leg I just
must get back home oh god this potato
stew waiting and he so he turns in his
like oh just some poor lad from up the
hill Krusty's leg in a tree and the
other guys like wait wait wait we're
back there any friends okay and he's
like a starts coming over to who's gonna
help he's gonna help you oh oh thank you
thank you so you know pulls you out and
you know it I behind him I'm gonna sneak
up behind him all he's doing this as I
see Brent stinking up like oh my leg
could you put the press make it up with
12 please yeah pressure on on the below
the thigh please yeah all right I'm
gonna strangle him from behind you did
right you're gonna grapple him yep with
my angry two mitts all right do it roll
roll me a straitjacket check yes no
strength check
alright so what happens is you roll up
behind him and you put your arms around
him and he's like what the heck group
any whips his arms apart you don't get
him so he takes it sort out holds it to
your just wrote a chance just like who
are you wanna get off me what are you
doing to my what are you doing my man
down here on the ground and it that but
this is his draw drops and he's like oh
you know he lowers his art and pics he
takes you slowly like takes step back if
you have any desire and it sounded like
I one day you're gonna freeze right
there and explain yourself all right
push your weapon down at one it puts a
sword back excuse me sir thank you for
helping my friend off the ground I say
to him a trying attempting a and what
happens is he goes like do three of you
like well you know a little R&R
sometimes on the woods is fine even for
us even for us paladin folk this is not
the woods this is the mayor's estate is
tonight not the night for the party come
for the festivity the costume party you
are clearly trespassing Jay grounds you
your I may not judge your personal
activities of the woods but you're
trespassing and you must leave I take
out my scimitar and I hit him straight
up alright well I just tell he sees you
draw a sword and he draws us as well
okay and he strikes at you and he
strikes to hit you he's like yeah does a
14 hit know right he misses is like what
are you doing all right and it's now it
is your turn cool start going on with my
Senate are
16 hits ok great ok cool what are you
whistling I use six points of damage
he's ours anyways it's a rester look at
you go vicious I'm good I'm gonna charge
at him and do my reckless attack rolling
she fought 25 yeah he was mega hit 21
damage stroke oh wow imagine he's
pulling it your sword he's like this in
a striking position and your sword cuts
through his forearm and through his
bicep an through his torso and this this
and you see like at once it's just eight
pieces go to the ground you slice right
through it's not even i finished my
stroke in a pose and I say artistic sure
you have what you see before you a small
path leading up to the front double
doors you also see that this path
despite my unfortunately my poor
rendering in this game area actually
continues around the side of the house
to which these gates help represent
imagine this is a carriage path there's
two wheels that go around the outskirts
of the house there's a freaking go
straight chillin it's more of a sheep
technically not a go anyways there's a
goat who's staring at you straight up
you see the season you make a line of
sight literally all the way from here he
sees the whole scene happening terrified
you hear the ghost dude oh no he's he
approves other than that you hear the
bustling of many bodies inside this
house is this mansion is what's going on
you also perceive that from the formal
attire that he saw the two people
walking up to the house with perhaps
there is some sort of event tonight
little shindig little shindig of sorts
perceive a little shindig of source we
can we have to lure him over here and we
have two straight take him how do you
propose to Louisville I can make bird
sounds maybe he loves buzzards is that a
verte I here at least try to imitate
that bird she just you guys tell me what
you think please go on in the Mesa cute
I would love to hear those your
depression yeah I'm waiting I am dealing
or don't be as good her depression yeah
what is a highlighter for this girl is
here yeah huh I try to whistle in I fart
a little bit that's what happens oh
alright let's not make bird sounds
ghostly the gut the sheen that whatever
this animal is over here it's actively
trying to escape after you make this
sound yeah just trying to get out it's
trying to get out whatever you did
signaled its he's trying to skip he's
getting all while he now you're weighing
the Paladins close it worked one just
run over there and be like tell him that
his friend the other guard he got stuck
under the tree and we need his help to
lift it up and then if we'll try to do
what we just did the war switch the
balls okay oh come up in the distance
here
all right I'm gonna jog up to this
venture who we can say you come quick
there's someone up some messing with the
mayor's trees all right all right all
right all right roll your rolling um
you're rolling on that dude you're
rolling the deception here oh yeah your
own deception say I'm gonna hide on the
other side this wall I'm gonna also hide
all the deception shit I roll 17 you
yelled at and you see the guard oak over
there was like oh dang it again no and
he basically started booking it over
there sick he's like whoa whoa whoa I'm
gonna turn and when I don't get that's
what that was he starts coming he I'm
gonna turn and start you know running so
I kind of lead him oh really where duck
behind this wall yep all right I'm
trucking along the wall around the
corner towards you know where the sound
was before he's running fast this way
and then brains gonna run past us yep
right here I got a chicken right wing
right when he comes around the corner I
wink at you deep as I remember I'm gonna
run up behind them and I'm gonna rehire
him and put him in a choke hold there we
go natural 20 natural honey of us see if
I can beat that with a natty 2019 rules
around the corners it we got him in a
hoe trouble I'm gonna squeeze until
there's no more life wait wait wait wait
three chopper let me go away you only
another tightness he's gonna he keeps
trying to escape each time you do this
is the guy goes young rips free reroll
initiative 16 10 8 all right that's the
order go Brandon so I'm going to turn
around with my sword drunk my sword
drawn looking at d like I'm gonna attack
d let me pull a fast one and then I'm
just at my sort of right
roll it I knew regulars attack yeah both
of them I got a what is that a 20 this
works do you have yep it's a heading to
keep doing every time everything really
acts and I hit him for 5 10 10 damage he
dies instantly you dealt him almost all
of his hit points I closed his eyes and
I said I I know deep down is not your
fault many but you still had to die oh
wow you just got an inspiration point
what do I we're all right now Mike my
inspiration point you can only have one
at a time and you just use it whenever
you want to give the advantage on any
world oh thank you use it up all right
i'm gonna do a perception check check
that regards bodies for anything
particular made the keys anything like
that i got a 20 there's a pair of keys
okay okay i go truck was a truck as if
we as if we talk to the guards in front
and he told us to loop around as we go
past as i want we walk past even know
where something is I want to glance into
the windows this you know who cares yeah
you look in and what you see is you see
a talent fill a hole filled with people
and they're all mingling you know notice
that here I'm glancing in their ass
otherwise just hoping to catch any
glimpse that help us and inside this
room you see what looks to be a to
kitchen waitstaff preparing food and
drinks while guards sit in the corner
drinking ale watching them are you going
guys yep i'm walking go i'll take the
lead come down here or yeah you and I
look like soldiers Nico looks like a
druid other side I'll walk in the other
70 good i'll just keep hidden as you
walk past the windows the music fades
into the background and you no longer
can hear it walking with his back
building i I'm intending to come around
this corner
as if I'm not like unless I'm gonna
sneak around I'm coming around and
walking up and I'm gonna talk to this
guy so come around so we can walking
around place yourself at these are the
gate that's how far you get when you are
confident because you stop right there
you see it's the carriage from earlier
in the back and you also see that there
are two men pushing this large case into
the back here into the back area here
and they are bringing this inside the
guard turns to you in the uses all right
what do you do at Inter anything these
two do fellas are just and hear what you
hear from inside the box sounds like a
you hear this like rumbling some things
just like shuffling around inside the
box recognizing this guy in the
guardroom your glance over light seems
we've see we both found ourselves to the
right place oh you found the house a
well it's right here yep you got
business here like me guards out in
front told us to tell the slip around
back her there was a bit of a bit of a
VIP entrance back here this guard turns
to you yelling and talking with this
merchant and he's starting to I you up
and no you guys can move I'm take no key
here no geese tells his way around the
perimeter I'm gonna try to get up to
here sir all stealth check your rolling
estelle checking against four people
slide 21 I'm just gonna slide up to this
wall right here I'm just gonna
this merchant turns to use it oh you you
see that figure moving back in the woods
in the dock I don't see anything
deception roll it we're gonna go fail
guys guys guys he can tell you're lying
he knows you're with someone and and he
says hey and their guard stops stops
steps down and starts like approaching
you he's like you better get off this
property right now and in he turns to
these two guys moving bonsly get that
damn thing inside they start pushing it
nearly go well I say well no trouble no
trouble meant here I was told by the
guards out in front that I should be
coming back here we got people sneaking
around in the darkness here that's
suspicious that's what that is and we
got someone lying about it pretty
clearly the guard says you will have to
leave I'm a bad walk back around this
corner here all right does he follow me
now okay he backs out and continue
starting the door wow that was close we
didn't we let the case go inside
unfortunately it's like I whispered you
mind my gut was to kill everybody but I
remember we said to me back there and I
said you know what maybe just
straight-up murder constantly is not you
know as fast as possible nothing's it
got safer it a little bit right so what
happens is during this discussion you
see the guard Pete prop open the door
yell something inside door closes and
comes back there's no way around the
scars there was a suspicious of you so
you can't go talk to him I can't be
going back around here no okie can't go
talk to him cuz he looks like a druid
you've good doesn't even do the same
thing I have a scalable deception I'm
horrible lying to me all right I would
feel like you're both hope you guys roll
a perception right now 929 it's 11 no 10
Nico you see movement figures here okay
i miss stealth my way back to them back
kasnije go oh shit I'll 26
this guy is like there's something out
there there's something out there wait
ok can I react yep I'd like to turn into
a deer ok I'll stay after and do it do
it so your dear what do you do Nico yeah
I've made some deer noises like oh just
a deer hmm just the deer Nico yeah you
turns to the guard he's like it was just
a dare alright we continue this way deer
in the middle of the night and you tell
us that what do you tell us I don't
think I can talk what I'm an animal
actually I can't like look at my head
like the d'rekta brother right people of
it I mean your clothes your ear you
realize them ok I'm gonna walk over and
pop this ok i'ma still pop that call me
call me all right I'm gonna do I'm going
over to hop over there and lo and behold
I got a 19 a guards coming around down
the carrots tracks checking on what's
happening over here is it dear does he
can I see the guard yeah can you see me
yapping I go hmm run this way like and
off into the woods he looks into the
woods and he thinks he's standing there
thinking that shifting I'm circling
around coming on back until you stop me
then go back to hear I'm gonna start
walking this way now he turns around he
starts walking back how we gonna do this
guy's this is a little weird I'm not do
oh I don't do well with long-range if I
don't instantly kill him with ash one
shot I'm a perceived 29 um he looks
pretty bulked up he's he's wearing full
plate armor to give you a better sense
the guards you guys killed out front
they were very lightly armored guards
who were in more formal attire because
this is kind of a forward-facing part of
the building in the back here clearly
some sort of business happens here this
guy is jacked up and ready to keep
everyone out of the building and he has
exactly what you see he has a
straight-up great axe in his hand in
kollam plate armor
okay we can as a deer I'm gonna go up to
that wall I'm just gonna like actually
stick my head over and like smell the
back of that carriage the carriage do
you lick it sure yeah I wouldn't you
know I'm trying to be convincing like
check it out I look at the guy I can
smell the air yeah as a red 17 what you
smell is the scent of a wild beast that
you have never smelled before as a human
interesting you can basically the guy in
the carts like they get out it okay see
it's got dinged ears you just like
banger antlers this wall you get him
over here okay we go do that you know do
something crazy like i lure back here I
proceeded to wow you hear the merchant
grown is it are you all right and you
you're a rock you hear a rock hit and
hit the ground near body all right I
ignore it cuz I'm not an actual dear i'm
actually human being the merchant gets
off and goes over talks to the guard
like I could use a little said I'm ding
to your problem you got around here the
guard like I'm not gonna do business
being fools anymore deal blancs around
the corner Oh back up spearwood piece is
there clunk clunk clunk you bacon my on
the way it's about time we take this
happening i'm gonna i'm ready my boat
okay it's yours back all right i'm gonna
then stand up I'm sure to write in the
back Pilates a new room over as soon as
he as soon as might as well turns
we gotta deal with this down all right
here we go I tried to hurt him 22 hit 22
wow
11 damaged night the night comes around
air comes out see some threat is
fighting the puncture a hole in it and
feels him how many 11.4 points of damage
he's like ah an initiative guess well
bye everybody era hey initiative 68
again 10 and he turns around and block
size target sure
and he's a god and he immediately
screams in one two three four five runs
rail comes over with this huge axis I
knew there was something back here
rolling on you knows a 19 hit its oh
shit and he deals you nine points of
damage this great acts when comes around
to it's just like his half knocks the
wind out of you half cuts you hoping
he's like so ready to murder this guy
he's killed before and you're just give
me another one on the list if you don't
do something soon technically you got
the surprise round on there it's
actually your turn again I'm gonna use
my action to disengage got it and then
I'm gonna back away do it uh and then
I'm gonna pop a health potion all right
Bill Gates to return as a deer I walk 5
10 15 20 30 and a druid appears where
the deer used to be I take my club and I
cast shillelagh on it which turns it
into a magic weapon it's like just like
a and I'm gonna charge for it into him
charging him and I'm gonna hit him with
my story but as I'm doing I'm yelling
I'm yelling do I be this nice and
reckless and i'm taking my i'm doing
full reckless attack ears like it been
23 hits hits damage 19 damage holy shit
All Right girls man the great sword just
go to can you see like three of the
plate pop office in blood replaces
Mason's father complained again this
little guy he's like ah
ah ah tops off like this and goodly it
scoots all the way through the door oh
no on his butt he's like ah didn't think
thing and he's like knocking on the door
it's locked didn't think think think huh
oh it's mr. uh mr. Knight Stern looks at
brand haha who has just messed as
beautiful full plate of armor up his day
up yeah and he takes his great act and
go oh come down on you his 19 head yes
oh this huge axe comes down 13 points
damage ouch I'm do hog vaults you as
hard as he can I'm just not gonna clean
nor this guy hop over the wall step here
and I'm gonna shoot an arrow right to
the guys back who's knocking on the door
got it 11 hit 7 20 damage Errol goes
through his neck go through septic and
he topples back down to the ground dead
no dude actually not dead really anyways
he's muy did pretty hard it was a pretty
ace shot barely it's barely him it's
like a game of Jenga with his vertebrae
and their your basic your arrow it was
like and perfectly knocked one out of
the Jenga without toppling the tower
just yeah no keys turn alright run full
speed
which I guess is just w all right i'm
gonna reckless attack this mofo does a
24 hit oh yeah 10 damage hmm 10 damage
man you are brutalizing him mm-hmm and
he takes his great acting is like you'll
never reach the back entrance to the
mansion he sort of like this does a UH
13 hit 13 it no no mrs. look you're no
VIP I knew it hahahaha like alrighty oh
yeah Darien step right here turn around
and shoot a nail right into his head 20
10 23 hours it connects 13 when the
damage Jenga Jenga master ok he's dead
he falls over yeah you get the first
movie that body and jumping over that
wall and I jump over the wall
immediately after its strength check
Romeo strengths check on that right now
you gotta be inside look out get the
evos oh that's the 77 me guy goes like
this
perception 14 people are rapidly
approaching the door on the other side
yep oh wait so you didn't okay I'm gonna
sprint as fast as I can supernus fast
like he's like haha oh shit hole I run
up I'm gonna grab strength check just
rabbits legs wait you ran that far I ran
that far didn't get to grab them at all
I guess we're not initiative never mind
14 you get it up on the edge and it's
dumped along just falls over on its own
and then I'm gonna hop over and lay down
wait you're just okay well I'm you do
the same already the same he goes who
its bond I'm gonna drag this body back
around here a little bit around here and
I'm gonna quickly check it and see if
there's anything of notes of keys of
value anything like that on good good
plan it's always better than yours
Jacob's armors better oh yeah buddy 210
door myself and do these two guys who
are loading the Craig come on Luke Oh
what's all the real confused you know
you see some pie on by different looking
set of keys for the keys nice alright
help over here did you guys run away
okay as soon as they reach that point
I'm gonna draw my bow and I'm just gonna
take him I'm gonna hop or the wall and
shut the door I'm gonna walk up to these
guys not at all and like help the guard
ran off in the guard ran off chasing
something I was waiting in the VIP line
when he can't when he went when he just
ran up there were some brigands and he
ran over there and he seemed like he
needed some assistance he ran where s
side of illusions I loose my arrow at
this guy's had a brigands of go 13 days
they're both a small tainted Jenga this
guy right yeah right whistling my sword
here where's my attacks here it's 1623
hit 99 damage to him and he's like why
you have your sword up and I'm pretty
sure there's nobody in that room right
now I cast pass a lot of trace and
everybody within 30 feet of me so you
guys stay a little close to me gets plus
10 stealth check bonuses Louise all
right lead the way your little star yeah
it's good
just yeah it's just these are we burning
it look at his hair starts oh yeah like
a bruised why there's no way to can oh
it's just a sec
