99 damage to him and he's like why you
have your sword out and I'm pretty sure
there's nobody in that room right now I
cast pass a lot of trace and everybody
within 30 feet of me gets plus 10
stealth check bonuses Louise all right
lead the way those darn good
the first thing you notice when you walk
inside is it smells like shit literally
it smells like fecal matter and blood
and rot and around you you see tables
with ropes and chains as few knives
there's a cupboard here are like a small
a cabinet that has a couple like vials
of like chemicals and stuff inside of it
I'd like to do a knowledge of I guess
nature no knowledge of Medicine actually
seething identifying the convertibles 20
are you don't know the names of it but
they are certainly ways they're
chemicals that help preserve corpses
where the line side right yeah I look
over I go we're in the right place I
feel free white you don't say da it
smells like your wife may be near you
don't say that no no I don't owe you
find a bucket of hooves from like a
dozen different types i look over I you
go don't turn tip dear saying you
whatever you do don't become a deer I'm
gonna scoop my little boot I mean my big
muscular manly bit right up around here
and just gonna take a peek around here
so you would perceive and unless the
halls generally or what's going on you
can see the door to your right and a
door to your left and a small winding
passage right for hung up i mean i got
some keys d you've got some keys right
they look a little different i mean i
guess just one of put my hand on that
knob and see if it's locked actually you
i want to check it out other door and
see with locked as well just because we
should know if it's a locked door or not
all right all right I'm gonna go check
this store I should do that yeah I'm
don't need a rolling chair every door is
locked every door well I take up the I
taste a little keys that I got I try
both of them in the keyhole oh that's
funny none of your keys work d okay haha
hello goes I say hey d try these ones
let's go chance I toss you the keys
you're kind of kisa you guys managed to
make no noise do i which key are you
trying both keys oh there's a skull and
i'm gonna use the one with little
mushroom on it which what can I see what
the left one on the left that one oh and
you're at this door correct right I'm at
this door yeah that's the the mushroom
key doesn't work on that door I try the
skulky it works yeah nice haha I don't
work oh I go go okay my door is locked
as well right mm-hmm oh yeah yeah you
you're trying these keys or you're
putting little lock and it's kind of
feeling like these teased aren't working
at all okay doesn't have keys man bro I
believe the door unlocked I tell the
kids again right try to mushroom I'll
try the mushroom 1d even though I think
this girl is gonna work the master key
doesn't work ID tried to scare me to try
the skull keys I'm trans colicky yeah
you you just leave me this time d
alright skulky it works I knew the skull
keys a skeleton key to everything master
Katie it's easy to be a master key all
right okay I'm gonna leave the door i'm
slowly heal click it's unlocked cool so
we could enter it if we wanted to great
you're gonna open that door and I'm
piqued my little eyeballs in their whole
right before he opens the door I'm gonna
draw my bow and ready it opening alright
you pop it open you know EP canary are
you ready for this yeah oh gosh
there's all types of people inside what
you see inside that room is there's a
big burly man in leather and in the room
there are four pages multiple people
inside each one the kenai would very
quickly find that brands boy not alone
she's in case she is with a with another
perp is another person in that cage I
mean my perception check just to see
what the guys armed with what he's you
know the mother ABC just like probably
big huge fat guy were they wearing
leather doing this for this book
probably it's literally silent it's
totally it's you you're so selfie just
open the door in the new notes reading
his book like this all right I miss I'm
gonna stealth up and slice of that bro
I'm gonna use them he's a great sword
and I'm just gonna right there he says
he's done jakim advantage go for it for
money no worries I got a 15 hit him hit
him cool he's getting his he's getting
next sliced it to the jugular with a hit
for a depth of wound is 10 the depth of
10 he shrinks slices across him and
everyone rolls an issue 16 10 8 uh he
will roll the nati 20 she turns around
looks at you he freaks out what he does
he flips to a very specific page in his
book and starts casting a spell at you
up here nine and 17 alright dispel
doesn't affect you nothing happens weird
it's a spell sleep it affects depending
on how many hit points you have I think
it's your turn okay I'm gonna step up
into the room right here and I'm gonna
shoot an arrow right into the guy so
mark two doors like all right go for it
uh 19 it's with the bow it's already
hurt
11 points of damage oh snap she's
totally him Niko's return cool I 2 i'm
going to move to a point where i can see
him take my wooden Club again and cash
shillelagh on it I'm here to do that
yeah only last for a minute okay you did
it nice all right and it so I'm actually
move up to strike and range I'm gonna
give him up I'm gonna give him another
read heave-ho with my old sword all
right 1623 38 damage a damn is stinging
my biggest like nice he is pretty jacked
up and so in response what he does it
takes a 5-foot step like this aiming at
you and yo NE onu is specifically
youtube and takes a look at this cool
baby book just like this and he's like
this dear starts casting a spell at you
guys and you guys need to make a DC 14
strength checks both of you guys
16-7 yeah so 14 16 all right basically
Genk does the wind blows through you
nothing happens I know its spell oh how
didn't need knowledge arcana that one
sorry does my hair look nicer afterwards
yeah helmet hair looks great and he's
just like oh shit he looked at who's
like p.m. yo yo Gilda's hands up like
this and drops the book on the ground Oh
interesting he's just like I slowly
there's no her behind us yeah whose turn
is it up neck is the next well I guess I
can strike all right you can make you
can exit initiative here easily look at
you guys a question him all right I'm
gonna walk up I say on my club like
ready to go he's all bad but he's pretty
bloody he's like that bottle I'm gonna
I'm really pull him we should pull the
book away from Matilda you all right her
eyes open she's like shivering crying oh
I'm saying Oh drawn to him he's not
gonna do shit so go ahead I'm gonna go
check okay no I got my club spell here's
my got my clothes spell your glutes
Polly go no gives a fuck about your club
spells in mining history with his wife
is there dying on the floor the whole
purpose of us being here I've I'm real
check reasons why please I'm gonna tell
him lay on the ground face down why am I
bow at his face good call you got that
knowledge of medicine brands wife my
Mathilda that is a 25 uh she's jacked up
she's paralyzed with fear she's jacked
up first of all I think Jackson isn't
like whipped jacked up as an starved uh
both both whipped and starved oh what a
my god I'm glad enlist list more
symptoms she's been uh brutalized what
she need to be feel better what she
needed me feel better nothing's ever
feel better Matilda do you did this man
hurt you this wizard and she's like this
it was the bear dude perception the
mayor's he lying Matilda would you lie
to me in a situation i quit fail think
that's a 77 nevermind hey Phil I get a
set you can stop in your courses are
like okay I walk up and I put my foot on
the guy who's lying on the ground his
head i put my bow and arrow and it
points straight down the top of sad i go
where is the mayor errol he's in the
front the dinner describe him describe
what it looks like to me right now he's
got long white hair and long white hair
and a long brown jacket ok told uh who
hurts you no one no no that none of the
manner of me but the animals next door
did so he can't get some her spell I'm
gonna lose heroin into the top of his
head please invite a welcome well
actually 18 yeah that's it hit under
fire on banjo virus lon oops oopsies
six-day missions had executed he's just
execute the guy point like a nice put
what my foot stone is how Jane grip the
arrow out suddenly they all take a
breath you notice that when he died
they'll like start like acting a little
less weird they all start like snapping
out of it a little bit the wife's
magical like I lied I lied calling it
you got the spell it's it's called charm
they're all under a charm spell by him
off and they were like oh it was doing
it oh honey ah told it hold it all right
look a little sheepish cuz I was totally
full didn't expect that the whole time I
didn't told it at all I didn't told that
I didn't hold that gum calm down
everything's fine now slaves the lizard
bulk on one end early I go especially
you with your folks calm down and this
old lady wakes up she's asleep
shiny I'm gonna use my god she passes
away from like excitement so happy she
he imagines is her freedom and dice this
guy in the corner is straight dead I
just the end the sky so you gotta live
it yeah chengdu shut up extra little
cloudy don't you gotta can be quiet for
30 seconds shut your mouth we don't have
time or anywhere to put them you wait
here in the 30 seconds is up ah you
gotta let me I'm every chance please
I'll do anything else laughing I'm
resetting gimme sort I'm a fighter five
buddy side okay really perception to see
to size them of us as a warrior fight is
a perception a 1 i'll Perseus honestly
this guy looks like you kick some
serious ass yeah I like to actuate all
seriousness you guys fifteen percent to
use 100m an ass-kicker 15 / Scott and he
goes a little more doubtful that but you
literally like we gotta bring him along
guy said Ye seagulls on this guy this
guy is like you imagine like this you
said him in the room he coconuts he
screams okay back out like rain like a
little commuters people out he takes his
pants off and everyone like he gets
naked and like everybody paralyzed with
fear he's that kind of fighter that what
it was like don't leave me in here
please don't leave me hey Sam I'm gonna
just do a search of that Wizards body
great you found a key that opens the
cell to a lot mattila nailed it
gave her the bastard sort so she's
actually holding it like in the real
manager okay she is Kanab my master
sword plus I'm getting me til de aqui
she gave to me I'm not forgive me no I'm
I'm macumba Thank You D Thank You brave
Gary Gary oh you guys get to kill
everybody all right my Giroud guys not
too strong so I gotta how did you feel
like in that Club little pinchy neck it
once in a while you're here win man in
the room I promise all the cheese
swinger club it's yeah Mitchell over you
give me the first one in if you want
meto allah says you have to kill them
all no key you really have to use a club
spell if anyone has ever deserved that
club spell I know you've never used it
before but just wait you know you don't
know what you're capable of but I
musicals just a nice way to see I don't
I know oh god that's so funny lock that
door no casino okay door opens I don't
need to know nothing all right pretty
good at killing things and then they
cloak would close the door behind us
cool meet you around the coronas we're
gonna see anything perception check
which corner we dogs corner to my left
you got resistance for one minute if
you're out of saving through role of
your choice can you throw it on d4
Brandon what you get the same thing
you'll be able to throw in a d4 and add
that to your saving throw you do it
after you roller d20 okay okay sweet for
traps poisons so nokia put his hands on
us while you're away yeah you bet I was
touching you guys okay yeah girl fish
this up good it is totally non romantic
it was like this sure that's completely
professional completely I'm not politely
nicely say hey no Keith biscuit to shake
is rough in here I want to see at least
one point of damage dealt some yes
winners club all right I look over swing
that baby for the fences okay i whip my
vice club and I cash like hell yeah
you're just gonna give up that's really
gal who's buff that have we go whoo just
thinking that door is it first off is it
locked perception uh oh yeah it's lost
skeleton key unlocks it sells the key
all right click click to it doors
unlocked with the ramp the open the door
uh yeah cricket open who's opening it I
am are you still into that cell phone uh
no I stop concentrating on that a while
ago so i suppose going on the stealth
roll huh LT bad 17
oh she where are those things the door
opens and it's silent you hear this you
see this large six leg fly like beasts
like circling just I can't stop moving
it's just like constantly spinning in
circles it's humongous by the way but
it's in caged it's trapped in it's a
beast and the other side here you just
see this thing just breathing it's just
a beast it's clearly it's white it's
like almost like a troll it's some sort
of Beast something captured from the
depths of the wilderness and brought
back here a monster also known as
monster to those who don't know exactly
two days I'll roll to find out what it
is 14 14 to identify these animals yeah
all right 14 did a nut you have no idea
what that is I'm gonna move right into
here and I'm just just enough to get
this door open to the left so I'm just
gonna slow I just like steadily this
peak around this corner see if this make
sure we check it out check right and I'm
looking on the starter check left here
I'm stuck my bottom my feet are really
wide Oh what do you know you peek around
that corner and you see another guy like
this with the book who sees you because
she thinks casts a spell at you everyone
rules initiative he heard you guys come
in hey her no 2111 I he had a ready to
action here do you guys coming um so
cast this cool spell called gusty wind
he is looks very similar to the other
guy they're both guards clearly trying
to keep things in and out in controlling
things this guy is clearly more animal
oriented anyways dc14 strengths check
for us you get that crack TC for a
change during check yeah so you got man
10 he cast a spell to know and it knocks
you back into the wall here all the way
back here and with his other hand he
closed the door shut in it
blocks who has the keys for this room
are you I I thought that Oscar but I
wasn't sure so you let me do like a deck
save or something so that is its closing
I can I kick it out okay my foot out
like stop the door four o'clock yeah
let's do that okay cool next save that
shit DC basically this is 15 okay not a
good one it's okay it happens you know
failing you see if you're exposing your
on up to find catchin it just locks
right before you touch it alright your
turn looks like it's mono e mono here 40
Brandon oh you see dead bodies and stuff
with body parts that they've been
feeding to these animals obviously
slaves I'm raging out I'm charge on
jaelyn range nice boom and I'm going to
attack him does a 17 hit yep and I do 19
damage yeah 19 damaged holy shit dude
dude man he bloodied already you just
completely decimated him Jesus Christ um
and it is your turn okay so don't get
your that fricking club spell again just
just passed her uh pick the lock it's
okay friends can take care of him we
open the doors faster do we here we here
let me get the door my club as hard as I
can okay I back away left all right you
think it's funny no he's pretty pissed
right now we just had a pep talk about
the clomid use again like oh this is god
all right I hit the door with my club
this is a 23 hit you doing obviously a
23 hits a non-moving beautiful wood does
the trailer he hit the club I do 11
points of damage nice BAM you knock a
big chunk of wood out of that door
with your club Christine this little guy
sir what happens is you see he pulls out
his own pair of keys it looks like this
it holds it up and he backs away and
turned towards this monster here he goes
up to the door for the monster and gets
an opportunity attack from you can
attack him he's heck on the ski and he's
gonna put it in the keyhole alright I'm
going to attack him there's a 20 yes
yeah and then I'm going to hit him for
seven plus 5 12 image well oh no 14 and
he drops the key longer it goes on the
ground know what will that weapon or
anything alright I'm going to grab the
book and pull it away from good grab
that's alright strength I'm grabbing
them with a 19 yeah you got him ok I got
me a move he's like you can't move got
him can't move it all ok can I pull them
back to this door and unlock it for my
friends uh yeah you can even move and
I'm gonna say guys like hey he's like
this guy's head lock the door I'm gonna
say all right okay remember that Club no
key uh-huh when I heard you knocking on
the door it inspired me and I'm and I've
did some heroic shit in here that I
don't have time to explain right now
well that what I did don't use that club
again right now because I think this guy
just like our slave friends back there
might be necessarily why else would they
leave a guy here with these monsters we
want these monsters home and sade right
now so that's why I haven't killed this
guy yet ok hey I'm gonna try something
let me try to speak to these monsters
who speak little monsters yeah we step
into the room and I'm gonna cast speak
with animals cut your casting speak with
animals alright so what I want you to do
is say what you're going to say to them
in the voice of an animal ok you're
cussing speak with animals so say it in
the voice at the namm to them all right
I don't need to know exactly what you're
saying but I want to hear what it sounds
like all right children on the one
and what happens is it listens to you in
a really and it's not speaking bug it's
speaking some other at speaking a
language to you and it is confused as
hell like you're making weird bug noises
at it so it's not ma'am good it is not
an animal I say neither the one the
right looks like it speaks to queen's
english turn all the right and I go uh
this one's eyes this one's eyes this
one's eyes are like rapidly dhanak
darting between you everyone it's like
just like so quickly like just analyzing
and looking at everything as fast as it
can that sounds you made our Amega bleah
what everything everyone in the room
heard is there not an impulsive ago what
else we do we don't know the difference
you know yummy sounds like those yeah
I'm returned back from be like do any of
you speak common and the this this quag
off kind of looks at you and kind of
like like half understands what you're
saying it gets like bits and pieces of
those words and then the other one this
other bug thing looks at you too and
waited I look over at the guy who's in a
stranglehold by Brandon I go what the
hell is that thing and I point at the
fence with the big bug cutting inside of
it I slap him real quick with a back of
my hand what is that thing I loosen up
my biceps which are not even fatigued at
all right now just a little bit so he
clearly could you know he could he could
answer oh okay at this point I bulge
from a 32 inch by sat down to 28 32 inch
bicep Jesus Jesus he's seen the damn it
the damage I've been drawn to one out
there that's the size pants I wear as
little to love you a little bit really
long like at my arm actually sometimes
we're third
one my arms are kind of a really skinny
slender man yeah compared to what they
know yeah two asian dudes on either side
of your body you don't want to be
dealing damage damage yeah all right
well he goes to warning like us to this
one he was like this one is a quite off
and this one is I don't know how to
pronounce it it's like khaliv eights
it's a qasmi it's a kasnije there are
these underground bug things that we
found one in a mind and we're able to
capture it and brought it back here are
you circumsized no well you're about to
me I walk haha I walk him I walk him up
to here take his little ding-a-ling
right through the case usually whip his
pants down and push his body again
alright alright wait wait he's going to
attempt to break three roll me into one
more strength check as you're pushing
him up all right natty 2020 oh you push
them right in there is a dick posture
Alec into the corner and basically what
happens it's sticking between the bars
and this the quay got just goes at it
and picks his claws and goes and just
like Gore's him oh there's plenty of it
ah ah and we hold how many points of
damage to deal him he dies haha each
idea I just like believes on these are
like limp there I'm astounded by what
just happened I look back to be okie and
I say scrumptious the Cavs nice it's
good it wants a piece clicking it is
like it's almost like college it's like
it's just like insect laughter time it's
it's super loud wait wait was the quay
buff doing how does it feel about what
just happened it's just like looming
it's like waiting for something else to
come waiting for now look at our general
may have screwed up my whole like
calming thing I mean I was trying to do
here guys it's okay they're in a
different ages there in cages so in
cages I was gonna suggest that we like
tremec steel with him but he's thinking
way too dangerous and I think they could
take
my last doesn't seem like we should mess
with these things maybe we should you
may hear a voice in your mind six any
here let me go my mind
the cast meat is looking straight at you
oh I walk I walk slowly up to it we open
both pages on thing you're sitting there
out of the room I mean we have any like
string or anything I don't know I only
to bring something up I'm like we could
all hang on there by the wing in this
boogie over here and I serve until she
finishes going down you know I walk up
to this cage d stop and I no no I just
look at him are you like the rest are
you like the rest of them no Barbara
Berenson what do you mean by that the
rest of the humans you look like one how
about you right now I look over you both
I'm very own sorry is anything these are
anything going on right now we should
know about going deep write a response
on here yeah there's two options one
option we go through the rest of this
house and kill every other person by
handy other option we let the beasts out
and rampage through the house but then
there's no telling whether or not the
mayor will get away I'd rather do it
ourselves you're you hear this voice in
your mind oh I look at the bug as he
says this to me and I go your tricks
won't work on me mandiant 1 i'm gonna
get my favorite one right now and hear
that voice in mind I'm very confused by
what this creature is cautiously will
get it and then I turn around and run
along it explodes an anger as you start
turning around and so it's like shaking
the bars as hard as it can adjust like
making the loudest racket the Middle's
rattling and it's just like sitting
there and it's telling you the same as
repeating nemesis is the cage holding
yes it is okay let's go let's go let's
go to scout scout
and come through this door store Lock us
unlock that sucker and I'm back here i'm
gonna say guys as that was that bug
whispering in your mind as well yeah
that book was definitely whispers let's
remind he seemed like pure evil i need
to go that business he was really
creeping me out hey Jillian what did
that bug tell you he told me that Darien
was going to try to kill me he told me
else of the bug was gonna try and I
Darien I forget to say it but I I
believe in the moment there I believed
him one hundred percent where I was
gonna try to kill you it's what he told
me the bug was lying to us he was trying
to deceive us I don't know why he told
me that he would show me with a treasure
lies that's he asked if I was like other
men other humans yeah cared about
treasure and gold I'm we do I don't we
got the biggest treasure which is the
friendship friendship you don't you just
got an inspiration point yeah we're not
carrying left the treasure I cared about
the treasure a little bit haha I do all
right inspiration boys my first
inspiration we can get your wife back
and get epic loot for damages let's
continue it's like the halls American
thing in the world
13 points damage ouch I'm durag ball
guilty as hard as he can I'm just not
gonna clean or this guy hop over the
wall stuff here what's on offer guys you
guys see we can come along this hunger
