I put my bow and arrow and it points
straight down the top of Santa go where
is the mayor Errol he's in the front the
dinner described that but describe what
it looks like to me right now he's got
long white hair and long white hair and
a long brown jacket we can get your wife
back and get epic loot for damages let's
continue that's like the halls American
thing in the world everything has moved
and shifted the time you've been here so
everything you've seen so far is just to
get a sense of your general feeling of
the area I see other than the area you
have scanned right here everything here
could be anything right now okay yeah
this door is locked and Yuki does your
keys do not work on it yeah i'll try my
keys and i'm also doing a perception
check and put my ear against the wall
and you wanna listen and see if I can
hear voices and see if I can do circles
another way my perceptions five so 19
leaning against a wall and you realize
it's a door and you realize you can move
it and you hear the sound of a small
group of people of kind of laughing and
your glasses clinking it's a secret turn
into a spider you have to be very hard
for these rooms like a little recon
picture what's going on spot them there
we could just head straight to them yeah
cool Sam you want to do that I'm gonna
transform into a spider okay well spider
pulling stuff on me please I climbed the
walls time through the cracks ice
spiders stealth my way into this room
you are now a spider all right who else
what else does anyone could do anything
else well we're both gonna wait for Nico
to run through it Ok Go Go how big of a
spider fell really the tiny spider I can
turn into there's about that big little
smaller that okay cool cool i'm gonna
run along the top corner this room
stealthily staying the shadows you can
see a slave here standing there with
like holding a little tray and so that's
what you see inside also in the back
there's a food lavish where's
too small chest on either side of the
dining room and the the slaves are
sitting there and you are now crawling
all the way over there and you're up on
this stuff okay well I'll continue up
the crack of this store and I'm looking
at this room okay pull inside of that
room what you do see is you see there's
a guard here with a giant spear and full
plate mail he is all chromed out he
means serious biz he's super formal
looking he looks like he's an expert
spirited in the parlor you see a lady
with two knives above her head mm mm
luger other this is the woman it's like
dangle s of that girl no no she's
totally chill there's two guards in here
and there's a heated discussion
happening out in the front there looks
like people are arguing back and forth
inside the kitchen you see two more
slaves you see few slaves in there good
thing you guys didn't burn the whole
place down and I'll see what I murdered
a bunch of slaves wave killers not my
wife though Oh will you come back Wow
Nico not a spider I didn't see the
mayor-elect all the way around the
mansion and no luck I did however see an
expert spirited briefly I think I'd idea
how to deal with him it's also a chick
with knives I heard she's chill but I
don't buy it and there's most of the two
guys at the front of house she doesn't
actually have knives go a level deeper
since you literally scouted the every
single place let me go through all the
information I can possibly know I I get
what I get I just wanting like does it
all in rich baller spry nobleman rich
baller kind of meek noblewoman classy
and we have this dude here it looks like
a religious figure from the town you
also have up here some lowly looking
some lowly looking people up here
getting into an argument with some
guards this person holding the tray that
you thought was a slave had white hair
probably not as a very strong
resemblance it's uncanny how strong that
resemblance to the mayor actually is we
gotta do the spear I would love to put
this fellow use called heat metal where
I can make his armor red hot bekijk
since Yugi needs a case of the hot armor
ha ha ha ha I think I should write a
note that says hey mister you want some
of that hot stuff leave it on the back
side door knock back here and when he
comes with him for that house look your
games in the hot armor all right let's
do it every day I come in as little bit
alike what office do it what's the
hallways he gonna think it's left on the
note these like big dude oh come on i
think know you have the most feminine
hand ok i try it yes do it ok it's big
yes you're done a note that says hey you
want some of that hot stuff you'll pay
you per se hey mr. it doesn't mention of
handwriting oh instagram listen to hot
stuff nico where you wanna be get ready
you sure they run the corner i'm gonna
give a case of the hot metal so you had
some wine aside here soon as he comes
around there yeah i'm gonna give it a
good little I'm gonna put my hand on the
door yeah knock knock and then I'm gonna
medially start sprinting back away give
them right your giggle hole angel FEMEN
to like a loud enough that you do hear
it to the door ok so give me and then
you're all still in there right yeah ok
cool I turn around and I draw my boat
named tues what are you here is you hear
a go around back there that's it dang it
you're hot stuff plan didn't work no he
just didn't see the no going back in the
door again but giggling closer to semis
we give it a note I'm gonna give it I'm
gonna give it a try now I turn I'm gonna
scoot on down I think we'll see what
okies got here I'm gonna push the note
under the door is I run away Denny
giggle also
mm-hmm this is what we're doing objects
Peaks open the guy yells to the other
side are you oh we could get rolled up
there and the door gets pressed on and
it is shut it's working right now we
just need to be persistent I'm gonna
immediately turn and open this door that
he'll knock early a walk through it it's
open all right I walk over to this store
all right put my hand on the door i'm
gonna try to open it is it locked
anywhere near Lottie all that it's
unlocked okay I'm gonna stealth check
and open it 12 this is awkward you
should be straight up busting to the
scene two children on a bed sleeping
it's a very nicely decorated room so
nicely and there's a man with white hair
and long brown color over them tucking
them to into bed we do not hear you I
just soak it in why I watch him like
tuck them in and like kiss the forehead
are getting angry no I don't feel
anything I'm getting even sick meanwhile
look okay I've roamed the door while
Darien's doing this I'm yeah there's no
communication right now happening I feel
separate I go I wrote back over here
good you're what is the sound of the
foot being kicked backwards on the door
someone's like you so pissed off you you
can tell this guy is like a passive
aggressive but he's about to explode my
turn let's skedaddle down so knocked me
down here on and what happens is the
door busts open and the guy who runs in
with his spear and he runs in with this
bear like waving it around while they
like cuckoo Pokemon movie look I feel
sorry miss you know they're out of
breath and he's standing there like
looking around like really confused I'd
like to giggle and if he steps towards
us by about 10 feet maybe 15 I'm gonna
cost cast hot metal heelys is happening
well I mean he looks down at the ground
since he's a note little note I sneeze
thinking about what to do Monsieur get a
giggle you're gonna giggle stick holds
the spear out and he like starts like
cautiously like looking around I'm
waiting for a little bit more I wink at
nokia he skips a son hot metal what
happened medical professional heat metal
five brunch prefer the term hot level
alright this guy takes to d8 fire damage
until he takes his armor off
and glows red hot that's blowing at you
guys just like oh he picks call it off I
mean he's taking damage she's like oh
how much damage to d8 so he took a 11
points of damage just for my attack all
right he's already just like he's there
like getting it off he's getting all
this armor off yes chu lai lai le not
ever gonna be a decoupling look fine 115
okay move up to him and he's is easier
to look what the hell I can't this is my
two actions I running a dick I charged
him I'm doing reckless attack on right
now you do double damage and then you
add your bonfire around 20 to 20 22
running old man so real damage play a
funny name is seven and then you had
that so 7 plus 9 is 16 plus your mana
fire plus ten to twenty six damage to my
go hey hot stuff
26 that is a super brutal he is
instantly bloodied and his armors get
namalsk at the hostel you gotta talk
about if you just happened in the 20th
these things are on the guise of the
sword like it's a look at worse he's
just annoyed and all right is there
still like that one thing when you get
in half when you get blood even one
strike you have to roll you have to make
a constitution same or else okay yeah
that's what I thought he dead boom he's
like half-naked he's like straight naked
except for red shoes he's like you're
just make this huge buff naked dude is
like spinning through the air red with
the blistering hot smoking shoes and he
lands dick up on the ground I turn an OG
and say next time next time the goodies
that I promised a little candle wicks or
meanwhile there's a door there's a crack
in the door my guys just stand on the
darkness with this I looking here's a
shot like talking he's talking this is
like singing about ya go goose me it's
like saying a very gentle song to them I
I outside drawn arrow I ready my bow
peek out today I'm gonna go over here
over here what happens is something very
unexpected
Oh everyone feels instantly like they've
teleported it feels like you're in a
place you've never been before except no
key recognizes it because my freaking
life tree exactly okie dokie pipes up
from the middle of this what seems to be
my friggin life tree that nobody knows
but this is no normal life three it
feels like you're in a dream Darian you
see your wife alive mara and Brent you
see your son alive they're just as he it
was left but in front of you now key you
see what looks to be your your dead wife
and your dead daughter standing behind
her they do not seem real but you still
see their image regardless and your wife
walks up to the group and she says so
many have died on your journey and so
many lives have been taken ask yourself
if you are bringing balance or setting
things off balance within the natural
order but that will decide your fate the
image begins to get wavy everyone
teleports back and you're back here hmm
saan to your soft here yeah I was weird
you have the sense that that was like a
spiritual vision from sent you by the
the DD that you
your tribe warships I haven't got that
he's my club yet I go you're about to
get your chance I take a white club and
I cast a show a open what is slightly
gonna do I wouldn't quite never seen a
lane cedar Chalet lock anyways what is
what's going on that room this gotten
you all that's gotten this visioning all
over here the only people in that room
that I've seen is the mayor and two
children that he's tucking into bed
niggas niggas don't kill the dad in
front of kids and call it a day Even
Stevens we what is the mayor knows I'm
trying to talk to the names just won't
even see we shouldn't put those children
the same pain that my child probably had
to go through which is watching their
parents get murdered in front of them
and the Diamonds wait years I'll bring
him to us yes unless it does your plan
involve no keys club at some point yes
okay I'm in for it it does I'm a hundred
seven okay i want to sleep any meds club
honestly be sleeping for the fences walk
in with a bow point at him and be like
come with me we need to talk so are you
being stealthy or not no I want him to
see me oh wait if I try and persuade I
look up to as a bone walking timid ation
alright so yeah maybe with had been this
is his many children asleep he gets up
and turns around as he starts walking
away from the door creaks open and
silhouette it in the doorway is darian
put his arrow pointed straight at the
main
any freezes and looks at you in silence
come with me there's no reason for
anyone to get hurt right here all right
he steps out I'm walking backward out as
he steps through I go grab him
is he an physically resist us he's like
very tense I little girl cuz I all right
whoa drawn I can't do anything so
there's I'd like going back in this
corner here guys life taking my club and
say this is for my wife and child and
try to hit him with my club beautiful
this is my chance this is don't go in
the other room first no I'm still right
here right here I can't wait I can't
wait any longer I gotta do it this is a
go dark Sam do I get a real advantage on
this or what yes okay here we go 17 shit
hits all right great 11 hitomi ah yes
aah screaming aah i loosed the arrow I'm
right behind it I don't lose their hold
on all right everyone roll roll
initiative rolling a sheet of here I
totally his ready to action was if he is
harmed he's gonna fucking start trying
to kill you guys but he was trying to be
reasonable and quiet here so what
happens Nico comes up like cast his
spell on this colton piece of wood and
his I'm up finally oh honey ready to
sound I was going to try and fight you
guys is he goes done and he like
struggles as hard as you can it's going
against your uh your strength check so
hit it
14 he wastes you he's and he's just
busts out of your grasp here what he
does is he makes it forward dash here
full round action wait yeah you gets
double a to opportunity attack so i'm
going to opportunity with my club that
is a 12 12 hits Oh imagine that he's not
wearing any armor he's just wearing only
six or damaged 06 easily hate it again
it gets hit again look good because is
going sort of beating the district club
this is far as you got you look really
good I turn I draw my inspiration and
I'm gonna use inspiration to get bonuses
on this attack because I'm gonna use my
stupid superpower sharpshooter I'm gonna
give minus 5 on my room but I go
automatic 10 damage if I hit she was
boarded going terribly but this time 18
Shh that much yeah minus vs. yeah she go
19 damage plus ten Damon duh he's still
running dang solid walk dog he's just
like dude he's blown hearing so hard
right now he's in at my last level to
spell slot he's little bro sitting
towards the door alright I cast won't
press everything he's got cash in person
let's see if I rolled up in 15 or not I
did
next turn right and I would like to move
also right next door yeah I'll go run
past them and I will walk whoa Power
Move yeah seriously huge bar sorry over
there right 32 inch arms are swelling as
I dislike the pretty town oh yeah and
he's running towards the door in this
guy goes around his acoustic and goes
off to the side and it's busts into his
own hit this other of your turn allow
one spins through Wow Andy draws an
opportunity attack yes it does for me
both you guys Technic is that is he
desperately 15 why 15 that's a hit 166
yeah alright and technical you get
competition my clubs got some blood on
it at club blood blood does what 24 hit
ya 13 damage 13 damage all right and
with the rest of his turn so he busted
to the door the side runs up here it
runs into his cupboard into his closet
here what and you see gleaming warmer
Mandy what he does is you start diving
into it into putting his mom around um
he doesn't have it fully on right now
but in his next turn it will be i'm just
gonna run down
I'm gonna stand right here he goes here
turn them cool simple a cast entangle
right here on his weapon his armor chest
so I kassin tangle and frickin vines
shoot out and wrap around everything
including him and he must marillion a
strength save Wow where's Maddie 20 just
knocks them off dang it nope you can't
get a break here I'm in raging nice so
I'm gonna vomit off the whole charge of
the dork some swing an advantage hit
Adam 12 719 this 19 hit yep 19 hits oh I
do 10 15 I do 22 damage to show me show
me the form of your swing I already got
charger I swing around once I'm swinging
around twice actually road price you're
gonna make this is actually four times
oh man so did my triple luck you runs
around swing it is thinning and commands
the cut in two times there's a GU thing
and it just explodes into the closet
this is just like it's the sound of like
tumbling meat as I as his pieces fall to
the ground I pull one thing out of my
hand go to remember not to while the
quake the kids all right everyone roll
stealth check you wrote me a spell check
to see how silently you did the mint
make up this quite a huge spinning move
I'm gonna feel it's so so you were
screaming as loud as you possibly put
you've literally never screamed louder
than that your entire life a like like
clangs against all the royalties feel I
really think it's a great sword it's
fucking huge so so basically there's
body parts all over the place right now
and it's kind of smiley hear the sound
like rustling covers I quickly I quickly
grabbed his head and I size up does he
look like myself no key or dairy in the
moment it looks like none of you guys
he's all like very clean and you guys
are all like by the way ripped and tan
and dirty they don't know who we are we
can let them live yeah of course we live
of course what do we leave oh we got
sooo things over 325 parts on a second
there's blood everywhere in this world
nothing mega strike this guy quadra spit
grabbed his head then I grabbed the
scandal I poked it around the corner and
I say get back Joker it's okay oh my god
romy a check on that note attack this
absolute deception to discover disguise
or whatever I deal in a moment royal is
an inspiration user it from early on Oh
3 15 so the Sun his sleepy eyes open up
and sees this he's like
and then that's his daughter wakes up
and she rolls perception she gets a 10
yes papa wish me yeah Becky will go back
to sleep I tucking around girl oh my god
yeah we've done well really good here
today I got this just totally makes up
for what you guys did those kids earlier
I'm gonna open this I'm gonna pop this
chest over my foot mayor's personal
chest you find the thousand gold pieces
sweet i divide that three-way well well
you can you can happen you see uh a to
enchanted daggers um and one looks to be
like one that is extra extra hot like d6
fire damage and the other one really is
a acid dagger which is the same stance
except with it as a damaged I'll give
you a thousand gold to think you mean
static in a perfect world you use both
daggers at the same time ladies both at
the same time I use dual swords dual
shorts or sorting stuff here well
there's a thousand goes for your trouble
so my friend you can have a your third
of the gold you get 333 six pieces 333
gold pieces yeah any rubber and Brandon
are you checking the covered then imma
check cover yeah you find a a plate mail
it's like it's like an Arctic half plate
damage resistance 10 against the cold
damage so it looks baller I'm gonna take
this hammer and i'ma put a note in his
place and notes gonna read children
sorry I had to check out so soon the
barbarians they I so don't hold it don't
worry about them mmm said so he thinks
about this and writes a very sentimental
note and he leaves it in the chest
love you dad dad this will do it his
bloody body parts the kind of curious as
to what's happening it don't matter
aren't you curious as to what's
happening in this front house well you
know this is one dude I got the hot
metal and great people that were
probably there or work with the people
that were there and killed your family
could be here it's hot metal really all
yours doesn't even matter we could
announce the bear is dead except for
Mike we are the new mares let's take
over let's take over that way take it
over with we're gonna okay go take his
head I step forward hmm kind of
silhouette of a man with 32 inch biceps
holding a head of your attention people
and everyone goes like everyone's like
that huh these ladies are all they're
like freaking out there like about to
pass out what we can draw the beasts and
mythic creatures exactly and these two
are like oh and these guys push up all
these civilians were back but if you put
down your weapons now we know that you
guys aren't easily hard like your
leaders and we know that we can coexist
in these lands
these guys start beckingham towards the
door we are offering half the tax rates
that the Mayor was cleaning from you
guys what they're gonna let it go in
early half attacks Tuesday's you're
going on for and this guy books it
because anyone else not want the dealio
life to this door busts open you know
these golem and bust out there like hold
on have tax tuesday thursday for life oh
wow these guys are in is younger in this
door busts open this door busts open
puts a slave's run out they look at the
head and you're like yes yes yeah this
life runs out yes yes they're so amped
they're free right we're famous line did
they all yelled at our three baby just
all fucking they all just booking it
you're booking it up yeah after that you
get it this one's in here to booking it
oh um this one's free books it outside
everyone's loving this this guy is like
i only pay taxes on a wednesday she
freaks out guys I think I'm pretty much
good I think it's one salt ah this song
case closed this mansion is ours now
everyone here works for us if you don't
wanna work for us leave now that's the
offer wait these two guys well except
for the noble men like people who didn't
work here before yes no do you people
think you know I've already work here
work for us you were here free
the guy like turns do you like look I
don't know which group on me I'm just
gonna go I you shake my head I can't be
how we do this that can't be no I wait
like we're not working we don't we don't
work here clean we don't work I Liam cut
out this whole thing instead of we don't
want to wake up and go we're going well
shit runs out the door I'm gonna go wait
and she's like did you know the mayor
yes was he a good man but was he the
worst kind of man you've ever met you
savages fuck you she turns him no
picture on shit damn god damn are you
gonna try hmm let's just move east a
little farther or west no farther the
mayor's house is now very very very
quiet I mean it's like what was it it's
neither we kill them all or we let him
go the only people live are some slaves
some giant monsters and to the mayor's
to children oh let's let me show the
children a better life yeah let's do
that let's fish them this edge is aren't
so bad you know they killed the bed we
know we kill today like Tarzan Tarzan
let's get your wife let's get the hell
out of here okay let's get the hell out
of here get the wife what about all the
other slaves in there ah we live they do
it open the gate to let him out you free
the cage of these lizard people and they
may at least start following you guys
around they're just like clicking
they're ready to do whatever they're
like best friends they're like slippers
that was dead that one's dead this guy's
just really wants to get out he's
freaking out we open the door and let
him out you open the door he Sprint's
towards the doors it's basically runs
into here naked takes his clothes off
yelling and trying to like find people
to fight I was right about that give me
a little you know that guy he's like
this that guy all right well I guess we
can relieve a rebuilding our tribe for
tomorrow huh there's a carriage in the
battle the kids I do need to replace my
family
all right yeah come on their door all
right Nico goes your how much I be
really comforting and like wrap them all
don't roll it comfort jacket coat check
girl the 14 plus whatever how much
comfort son is that the boy is comforted
daughter comforted nice so comfort you
rolling with hot chocolate and
everything and they are like yes and you
guys have it all their it's all set up
there's a carriage too Restless foresees
there's two brand new kids on top of
that all you finally have your wife back
however one looming question does remain
though will they stopped because what
you did here or will they keep going and
will they keep fighting you and will
this grow into a greater conflict based
off of your actions what you know and it
knocks you back and cool here all the
way back here and with his other hand he
closed the door shut in it all right I
got double kill in that way i just also
of course i would be my head I'm like
Nico's gonna pull it
