tonight we continue the call of the wild
Dungeons and Dragons campaign if you're
new to this campaign don't worry because
I'm about to explain everything that
just happened where we last left off a
small village comprised of brand no key
and Darian have had their village
attacked by a invading society they've
decided in vengeance to take back the
land that is rightfully theirs
slaughtering farmhouses civilians and
even going so far as to killing the
mayor of the very land in which they
reside tonight they must decide what to
do with an enraged society that wants
vengeance against them now they must
confront the allies that resided in
woods nearby who all want to take part
in their fight so really quick before we
even begin just as a heads up that
little caged in area right there treat
that is something that's separate and
distant from everything else you see on
the map because that is the home tree
the big old tree right there that's knee
goes home tree okay nice tree man sup
dude it took me a long time to grow it
yeah where we last left off was you guys
raided the mayor's house during a
private event abyss you busted and
slaughtered a bunch of guards and
slaughtered the mayor himself the spoils
of that adventure were a few things
items armor special daggers etc but what
he also came back with were his two
children oddly enough Nico's a family
who was wiped out has now been replaced
by these two newly made orphans who
decided to cooperate he rolled some very
high comfort checks some super high calm
and so they they lovingly accepted your
your
guardianship you can see them right here
we have two of them we got this one and
this one you have a boy the taller one
right there his name is hard and you
have the shorter one for the boat her
name is Alana they are about 10 probably
an 11 years old when she heard that's it
that's a run for it's a rough game I can
tell you a little bit about chart
actually now that you've come to know
and we've traveled back to the home tree
from the mansion um chart is an
interesting young boys a is hardy young
fellow who despite his his kind of built
appearance is completely oblivious that
he's oblivious to everything around him
he's totally down for whatever sweet
yeah he supposedly till he loves bud
white he's neither bug boy yeah um also
you've noticed he's had he has a crude
tattoo on him that he drew himself
Charlie sounds like he's gonna turn out
just fine yeah so he's a very easy very
elite him yeah that's what happens when
you the son of a mayor and taken by
barbarians he's all mixed up and then
also you have a lot of a little bit
about her she's got a really funny
looking nose that's the first thing
everything's everyone sees but uh but
just like her brother she's kind of
built you know she's stalky she's not
oblivious like a Chartist but she's
pretty done um however she happens to be
an amazing painter and she is brutally
honest you also released two kobolds
prisoners from the mayor's house and
they are absolutely loyal servants
because you freed them and you can see
them down there they all they got on
them are just their little packs and
pickaxes but they are literally willing
to do anything you say can they speak
common no base bake they just click and
spit and they gnashed their teeth about
a week's worth of time has passed so far
you've all read at Nico's home tree and
what isn't yep we all knew everyone
knows where it is everything we have
been surprised to see the first day yeah
everyone was very surprised
yeah um and along with you guys you'll
find brandy or your wife and stunt son
Matilda and Steve yeah little Steve
Steve was captured by some of the people
and turned into a slave briefly and
because of that he's gonna he hit he has
acquired an unusual skin color probably
from some sort of beating for whatever
town maybe he's maybe he's just not he
needs more nutrients or something who
knows only his skin changed colors yeah
maybe because it was the distress he's
starting to bald a little bit he's a
balding little 12 year old yeah but you
but he's exceptionally wise rosacea and
from the events that he's done yeah and
just let me know a little bit about what
you guys have done over this last week
while you're kind of healing up kind of
like you know recuperating from these
horrific events that have happened to
you what's very and done after the
incident I came back with them obviously
because my wife era was in no keys weird
home free so yeah we're trying to figure
out what our next move is because I
don't think things are gonna stay calm
for long yeah exactly and now Nicco or
sorry no key I think about the
experiences we had really are general
love raising our meal replacement yep um
I have been doing meticulous recon on
the settlements below that have been
forming despite all the way up to the
coast turning into a fish in particular
swimming down the river fish recon
you've been doing fish recon wait till
like you are just a fish and you just
pick your little fish head out of the
water like look at what's happening a
favorite thing to do is to run to this
bridge jump off like just like you know
go full spread eagle and then turn to a
fish and like hit the water as Red Eagle
yes I don't think that's what they
spread eagle for then phrase yeah it
something like this wait where the fish
takes its legal means but okay no a fish
when if the fish takes its fins it goes
pretty cool he's like yeah have any
clothes ready go man I thought about
I've done this a lot that's there's many
more thing to do
like a whole world that's if everything
to do right now I get you I think it's
setting my family's dead people were so
yeah you're good your eyes it a little
jokey how how are the how are you
dealing with the kids how the kids ah
the new kids they're probably new kids
they seem like they're pretty cool the
pretty chill well they seem ok yeah he's
surprisingly they don't really seem that
upset about what happened to their pops
I don't know oh they don't know what
happened all right just kidding in
talking to them you you you find that
they are very eager to join you guys on
there on your adventures because they've
led a very sheltered life and they
really they really want to they want to
get out there I'm gonna hit the streets
pop sedona hit the street Pop's I to go
to business trip yeah pops business hey
Ron this is Jerry Yellin across the
Sierra yeah so so going back to Nico's
fish recon as he swims down the stream
that leads from the top of the mountains
down to the the coast he has found out
that there are there is a small
settlement along the way that has since
been evacuated it looks like they're
withdrawing a little bit well here's the
thing you're a fish you're swimming
downstream here's think pure fish I want
to see how far you went so what do you
think would determine that acrobatics
fish wisdom I think that's all far give
me a fish wisdom check because if you go
too far you might get snapper 16 plus
you got pretty far you got pretty far
than us so ooh his fish wisdom was
allowed him to get far enough down
stream to even see the fact that they're
kind of reforming how they operate
they're reforming your government you
don't recognize some of the same colors
and everything from what you saw
previously I would like to end the
bloodshed if possible I don't think I'll
allow us to do that after what we did
after we left so many innocents
and witnesses during half tax Tuesday's
I wonder if that word has spread their
contacts Tuesday we might not get very
far it didn't go very far it didn't get
very far you told everyone those half
tax tuesday and then they all fled for
their lives back to the town and then
that was the end of the last half tax to
this so that being said you are back up
the home tree what you are also finding
is that other tribes other people in the
area are becoming interested in your
cause yeah I during my scouts I've
noticed that there are watching parties
that are inching closer what do we need
most one else Goldstone or trees what do
we have most elite Muslim wife for you
we need a wife for you so it's not so
awkward when we go on dates is it man by
the way are these two people actually
standing here or should they not be here
oh they're standing there yeah they just
arrived in there wait I got the other
you guys to sort your stuff out before
introducing themselves oh is this a
druid right here just as no key points
over it's like it's not a druid there
yeah the druid speaks up and you notice
there is a druid and some sort of
protector she she has by her side the
the female druid speaks and she says
greetings villagers my my name is lanell
I Madrid from the hips and I wish okies
rebson I wish to hey view your colors
perhaps there might be a peaceful
solution to this and I'd like you to
consider that before the entire section
of land that we reside in is surrounded
and enveloped by chaos I'm gonna do a
perception check to size her up kind of
see just get a good idea of who she is
no match for no fee
I rolled him one I'll reflection check I
roll the 20 what do I know about it I
just look at her like you guys can tell
she follows the same ways that you guys
the same way of life she speaks from the
same voice that you guys originated with
like so she's jealous tense barbarians
like chill shit and just as she begins
finishing you see two other people begin
walking through the woods towards the
home tree one wearing long black robes
and another in black clothing walks
through and finds you at the home tree
they stare at everybody you can tell
that one is a powerful warlock and the
other one to say a nightie maybe it's
some sort of servant of his and he sits
there reception check on them all right
this time I won't fail 10 perception
they look angry they look real angry
because they walk up through the new
dangerous they look dangerous and they
say we seek the Slayers that have taken
down the peasants and then basically
they flash their roads and you can see
that they have like smoke pendants on
them so they're into flare and stuff
they're totally in the flare they look
like they work at TGI Fridays yeah TGI
Friday exact we can pass some things lee
ji friday CJ CJ OMG tj's fridays they've
got little pendants and symbols on them
that kind of look like this and the one
in the cloak takes his pendant and he
holds it up and they say do you know
what this symbol means do you gonna do a
history check to see if I know what's
going down oh then a 20 do you just
remembered all of these answers for
sister tripping all right that's symbol
these people they they are followers of
the god heck store in in this situation
you find yourself having a lot in common
with the followers Axl heck store
embodies chaos slaughter battle they
relish in this this is their jam so
followers a peck store it's like how did
you know or in with that he takes his
pendant covers his a cloak over it and
he says we would like to make a proposal
we ask for you to continue this battle
for vengeance because we would like to
join it with you we hate so dearly these
forces that have been crushing on the
land and we want to be by your side when
you take the last of them out will you
let us join you or perhaps you would
like to join us I'm not here to start a
war we were just out for vengeance and
we had to get brands wife back will
sunny afternoon vengeance I don't think
we're gonna be safe until the seller's
leave our land but the Warlock looks
directly at berrien we've passed through
the fields we've seen the bodies in the
blood that you have left behind no man
that has done that is not asking for a
war what we started we know will not end
here and with that one more visitor
comes to join the circles
oh no way too easy I can grip on me is
it the grandpa he lands next to the
carriage this bird and he starts picking
up a ground Aguero's you know there's
Kazumi met him before and the bird
finishes eating his warm he looks to
everyone and without even single word
you hear in your minds it's me the
village elder you remember what I when I
died its I took a bird form right hmm so
long you guys my god I've come to you to
tell you a message to be wary of both of
these decisions with that I must tell
you even worse news these soldiers in
the town has heard of your deeds and
it's coming to kill you and they're
sending many men I do not know how many
but many of them are coming from the
city right now and I can only tell you
that you must act at once how far how
much time do we have it looks like they
are probably about five to six miles
away and if you could make it in time
you can meet them without aid we need to
leave you will surely perish we need to
leave right now and maybe see which one
these dudes are gonna come with us so I
snap out of it and look up in the bird
flaps its wings and the druid looks to
the burden it's like I cathedral's like
is that it is that a spirit animal and
the heck store people are just like me
totally ignored my animal companions
have spoken to me and Justin for me that
there's an army moving on
right now you guys wish to join up or
have us join you demonstrate your value
we leave immediately just as the heck
store person is about to open their
mouth the druid says no wait don't don't
work with them work with us instead we
can help you and the hex or the hex or
priest is like immediately shuts her up
it's like no our way is the only way we
can do it we can ad with your cause we
can help you summon the creatures you
need and immediately after that the
druid comes back just like no but the
basis of the wild can help us we don't
need to summon them you just need to
find them then no key walks over to the
druid s and says as you heard an army
marches on position right now if you
wish us to listen to you cum demonstrate
your value and your worth there's some
familiarity is the these are our
neighbors these are our neighbors you're
going to trust these these followers of
slaughter and chaos they want nothing
but blood and destruction and you're
you're going to eight have them in us is
that who you want us to become you know
I didn't expect this from you and Army
is marching towards your wife right now
and you're sitting here arguing with me
about whether or not you want these guys
to fight with us to kill that arm I'm
not going to fight an army right now
what do you are you going I have a look
how many arrows I have how am I supposed
to fight an army I'm not gonna put my
wife in danger for this there are other
ways to find army than by killing all of
them think of what you're doing here
think of what we're doing we started
this with the started pretty simply and
now it's getting out of hand it's
getting it very out of him is getting
out of hand the moment main epochs
popped out no you won't really got out
of hand Darien what I'm a freaking
family got murdered you think is still a
little mad about it yeah a little bit
that's only a week I don't expect you to
get over that fast that's all I don't I
don't think we should trust these men I
recognize that symbol and that symbol is
alright not why the Druids would ruin
one Percy was like an army what are you
talking about
are they coming here now so we've got
we've got word that the Army is about
five miles away right now coming so take
that as a truth what would be your plan
each of the parties what would you plan
to do to wear this census it's obviously
happening right now the priest the heck
source begins to speak up and suddenly
llanelli the druid interrupts him just
before you even open his mouth and she
says like at first I thought piece was
the right direction but survival is far
more important I will help direct you to
large beasts of the wild that can aid
you in your cause beasts that are far
mightier than you are and you will be
able to call on their help to help
defend yourselves and defend your home
tree yeah that's my jam so again it is
also my favorite is she cute cuz that
from check 6 yeah she's extra hot but
you think it's probably because of a
spin the priest of hexed or puts his
staff down when he says nonsense the
power you will gain from a lying with us
as far greater than any animal in the
woods the power you'll gain will be
eternal lasting far longer than the land
itself you'll help your society your
tree your children whoever these young
children oki cuts them off it's like
listen there's army come on we need
specifics hustle it up man after a small
initiation we will help summon creatures
creatures that no one has ever seen
creatures you have never seen you know
it
I don't worship any gods but mine and
I'm really all about the wild beasts and
this is a druid lady I don't know if
she's single or not know if I can bring
it up a conversation smoothly later on
so sick and we will not aid you if you
work with them and the points the Druids
you can choose to follow us and work
with us and we will aid you I think the
decisions are made or we will leave and
reside you to your fate a fate full of
strife and struggle and something much
much more difficult than anything you
would ever faced working with us okay
you guys are citizens of this land as
well im a im gonna try to persuade here
with a 20 I beg you to to reconsider and
work with me and we can work together in
some way without us you know we can work
together in this one he doesn't say this
but I'm asking this what did you roll 17
and then I had a plus 3 I see perhaps we
will have this discussion another time
for a moment i considered waiting until
you took over the city and took over
this land waiting for a moment to attack
you once you've found complacency but we
respect your costs enough to the point
where we will step away gracefully and
let you continue on your cause
and that he whips his cloak and doing
and just by that just by that little one
that he rolled you've now employed an
entire onslaught of their attack dance
hey yeah way to go brand what they want
to do is they want to create a state of
warfare heck story is all about chaos
and warfare and slaughter and if you
guys were going to take it over and make
peace or whatever do whatever you want
they're basically gonna wait until
everyone stops fighting and then just
make sure that ball turns insurance
because that's more the religion and
their strength and their power only
relies on the fact that there's constant
warfare and you want it aside with it I
didn't want to side with him I was
trying to trick them into killing
themselves in this battle as part of our
master plan this is like yo Jimbo well I
guess not a trick then you went you
don't think he committed far enough to
getting them to anyone who doesn't like
hey right now there yeah and with that
she's like this she cast a spell and
she's seeing I can sense there are two
beasts nearby which will aid you on your
task however claiming each one as an
ally will be a task within itself a cave
a rock and being then lives there he has
been plagued by someone but I know that
if you help him he will join your cause
also another beast a bear of some sort
late I do not see its true form lives in
the woods the only way you'll make I
lies with it though
is by shedding your arms and armor and
proving that one of your light is
stronger than its own well I look over a
brand sounds of something we can do yeah
yeah so man brand I'm glad you're on the
team yeah one the one in the forest
requires a show of dominance and force
and the other one requires your aid
something to rid of its curse I like
reading curses mobility move let's hit
both there's time to do both all right
which way he gets to this kid it tastes
and she points her hand and she says
it's one and a half miles that way she
points towards this general direction
button just that she does that chardon
Alana they pipe up and they like where
are you going we don't leave us here if
you're gonna leave we want to help and
the lizards are like and they're like
they wave their axes it looks like
they're like Remy the goho should bring
him along take loser bring the lizards
the lizards are chill they it's your
caller kind of key nokia's your families
so he taking whether you want listen
charges Lana told us we had ventures but
you guys aren't high enough level yet
you gotta train you got trained your
butts off so here's what's gonna happen
today if you train really hard he going
in the venture tomorrow all right no
he's a good parent he's a good supply a
big fight my kids were in such great
shape before they got murdered I might
be something if there's a big fight and
you lose then what happens to us want to
help you in a big fight then maybe I
like Darien's like why for brands family
can like and Alana's likes I want to
shoot people with my bow I never done
that before sounds like a good
opportunity might be your chance the
next couple days we got trying too hard
today before I'll to do that don't worry
mirror will take care of you
he also hasn't great to be in jersey
yeah something happens to us then she'll
be there to take care and Steve perhaps
I'll just play with the other children
while you guys fight good luck father
see you know how big the army is of
course hunt but you can never have too
many allies in a great battle after all
I'm exceptionally wise for a child he
squints any Ponder's and he does all saw
the absurd personality traits he says
all right children let's go look for
pine cones children char-char delano
just go along with them they're like
this kids so dumb and boring if you got
put them next to the home tree just keep
him there up in there uh-huh your wife's
gonna stay there my wife's gonna stay
here we're gonna bring the little little
guys along we're gonna name them uh take
and tack that's all right that's not bad
yeah I like the two you good you go with
chick attack all right take is the cute
one and tack is the handsome One okay
all right kick kick some history with ya
keep it straight don't mess it up okay
and the the druid Linnell she says I
will not join you but what I will do
instead is I will cast a powerful spell
over the home tree in the surrounding
area that should help ward anyone who
comes this way thank you is that a deal
and in with that I will send my servant
to aid you ok cool that's great thank
you ok then she goes over there she
waves her wand around and she could you
see this like a little magical chromatic
aberration displacement map kind of like
dome form around it throws it like that
one was like Sheila grenades is me yeah
it's like halo hexagon just like it was
like master shapes like yeah exactly and
I just casually mentioned when she can
hear it but you know what it wasn't for
no keys heroics to it was no chance of
you to prevail before and she looks over
at no key and she was like said like
thanks a lot for your help really nice
ed so I'm only doing it because of the
land which I vowed to protect that's
pretty cool i've got a particular in to
talk about some time not now cuz i have
to go fight some bad guys I'll see you
later nice all right we're gonna head
out let's do it and so with that
decision your party marches out from the
camp with a very strong determination to
find allies to help you in what seems
like a hopeless battle
