the first location which you were going
to visit and try and find allies is a
small cave that resides on the side of
the valley with you travel the aid of
the druid yet-to-be-named since there
has been no word spoken between you and
her and the newly-named tic and TAC who
are actually just kobold miners walking
through the woods the trees start to
part and you see a small rocky
outcropping on the side of the hip so I
take it you know our name so what is
your name and she said not your name
she's like stared at me well I mean like
in my position I gotta look over here to
talk to her okay she says my name is
Olga Ikaria axe I had a feeling your
name was all go she's pretty bushed but
she looks like she could get kicks and
fucking oh I can tell by your voice
should kick some ass you know do you
know anything about this beast that
we're looking for not at all sounds good
let's do this we can see through the
trees little bit here so I'm just gonna
roll a perception of um yeah it's a
strange-looking Kate never seen caves 12
perception looking forward to those
caves see if we can identify where the
Beast is or any night then what do you
see before you is a bunch of rocks all
piled up you can see a small opening in
the center and generally a small black
hole there all right we're gonna we're
gonna have head up we get up to the
distance there and just call out you
know hello there your silence
you hear the mountain wind blowing
between the rocks slight whistling based
on the Alana's words we can probably
walk up there on the creature like we
won't kill us I suggest we not walk in
as an entire party it's just we approach
it with few numbers single file tic tac
Olga you guys wait here organ sound like
ticking by himself no you don't want it
good sweet English hmm poke and that
cave there seems like your droid
abilities may come in handy I'm actually
kind of move stealthily head into the
cave all right 19 for stealth plus other
things alright 19 stealth I kids 22
we're only perception reception is a
solid 14 14 well you can see what looks
like to be rocky outcroppings you see a
little bit of like mossy kind of
overgrowth some onset of the rocks right
in the center here it's a small it's a
small black hole looks like you have to
hunch over to get inside this may be
only about 4 feet tall ok
all right walk up to where you're
walking we know once I need to be role
and just Nico rolls an attack of
initiative attack initiative sorry
initiative in general oh let's see what
did you roll 7 so what happens you see
this green thing you're next to you
start walking next to it and suddenly
that little piece of green explodes oh
crap it explodes into two tendrils that
go casks and start whipping at you one
tries to strike you does a 20 hit girl
the critical yeah I rolled 2 20's I
rolled two twenties alright so RT that's
crazy so what happens is that this
little green thing explodes in two
little tendrils whip at you and have
critical strikes Jesus nobody dies like
so one came inside the castle you messed
up this loss looks like it explodes into
these little arms one deals you 14
points of damage the next one explode
and deals you 14 points of damage it's
necrotic damage it's like i'll smash you
in there just 28 points of damage then
took away almost Sauvage we have five
left do I need to do a role to see if I
go unconscious right now no don't worry
about that right now it goes and it
can't move okay it's stuck to the rock
it's your turn what do you want to do
Jesus Christ I step back thats like you
want to try to be what you might as well
just go it looks like that green stuff
is alive oh yeah okay well I'm gonna
light it on fire I cashed in my hand
produce things chuck it at it is is a
yes 1d8 fire damage 650 you throw the
flame at it and it hits the fungus and
the six points of damage ignites it and
it just burns away and it's gone and
with that something else happens
rumbling within the rocks you hear the
sound and rock elemental bursts out of
the rocks goes into the ground and
burrows itself in only to pop out a few
feet away from the moss it burrowed into
the ground and came out and you can see
that it's covered in similar fungus
crazy green shit chicken to what just
attacked you everyone has to roll
initiative 15
614 larocca elemental comes out and gets
the jump on Nico and what it does this
looks at you and walks towards you takes
one big rock hand and swings at yet you
does a 15 hit those the end of no key
it's got two attacks an 11 billing him
another rock big rock and slow goes over
it healing potions on I do but I should
try just get the fuck outta ya you gotta
do you know disengage you can do you can
do bonus action if you cash you Layla
I'm our club sit in my holster my club
ulcer it's your turn you know I'm pretty
confident if we take this Moss off this
guy's in calm down this little stone
look steamed before I go in I'm just
gonna yell out we know you're we know
you're troubled we mean you no harm we
just want to we want to get this Moss
off you we need help see you need help
as well so here I come okay there comes
a big guy for a bit about to yell out as
you like to run it we're here to help
you so I'll help you a lot big guy you
know charge charge right and I'm gonna
swing at the first moss in particular
yep so I'm charging in and I roll 12 to
attack the other the moss on his left
shoulder does not hit you miss there's
too many like bumps of rock and stuff
surrounding it to like accurately hit
that small section of him balls I've to
tax great article rolling again another
12
it barely Nick's part of the rock neck
that's kind of like that this fungus is
buried in two and mrs. unfortunately
mrs. okay it's your turn my turn okay
I'm gonna go one two uh-huh when I turn
to him and I'm gonna aim my arrow and
i'ma shoot at the one right on his head
sounds good natural 20 you roll a 21 I
rolled a 2920 natty NAT eat one well
then that's an obvious hit okay so roll
it you can deal double damage the spore
as well okay so I rolled humble dana
jumbled thing alright so i roll 2d eight
plus but i do 16 points of damage and
you see the arrow it goes in this is the
rock and this is the fungus and your
arrow goes right in between it and goes
and scrapes it's clean off and this
piece of fungus it flies about this bar
watch out it's angry fungus now you can
see that when the arrow hits the fungus
get it like twitches and go like it
explodes in like anger I have another
attack yo then I'm going to take another
two steps this way draw another arrow
shoot again go for it so you can hit it
14 and it not good enough miss the the
cobalt's and Olga are standing behind
you ready to fight and they turn and
they-- sage should we move in we can
help take care of the spores and the
lizards are like they they kind of get
what to do I think the lizard should
hold back lizards in fact Olga move in
after I don't lizards do just chill all
right so the earth elemental super
pissed off now sees brand in its path
and it takes one arm it's still raging
swings with up arm does a 22 hit 22 it
yes and it swings with its other army
and 11 doesn't hit that's for sure one
of the great huge arms comes down and
hits you and deals you 15 points of
damage ok it's a giant piece of rock
just slamming into you now it's no Keith
there take a couple chefs backs I'm
pretty hurt I think my legs broken
sudden maybe not actually I can move up
my full speed still apparently 5 10 15
20 25 I'll just walk her down here by
the street you are in so far away I'm
still within six to eight of the case
asians I go ah this big 5 foot big
flaming spear lice and fire and then I
move it and goes sweeping across and
hits this creature and the other
features that are on this creature think
it's going to roll it into my damage
that my damage versus dexterity to d6 so
I'm it's the dexterity check against
your damage yeah so 810 Bren sir alright
so it still has there's no moss in its
head and there's mazo nature's alerted
there's a piece of moss on its back and
there's a piece of this more of a fungus
it's on its there's one of his leg
marmots back so I'm going to take a
swing at the at the one on it like with
a swing of twenty one hit you'll damage
to it though damage is 1111 you hit you
physically hit the moss and you knock
off everything except a single strand it
is barely dangling on you can attack the
same mosey on i-12 is amiss
unfortunately yeah all right i'm gonna
stay where I am stronger their own shoot
you're right fire dang 12 is obviously i
miss miss I'm gonna say I'm gonna shoot
again I come on come on Gary there you
go that's what I'm talking about uh 28
yeah that's it it was a wine you don't
even need a role damage because it's got
one left I'll see you can get more than
a one hope you got a one way well no
known you need to technically get to
because it's got damage resistance
that's against anything that's not fire
pretty much so real 12 EA last arrows do
that little thread that I was hanging
them are there look that's right through
saying so a barber and that little piece
of angry moss gets flung way out there
this really hard to take off i glued it
on and it's knocked off and the
elemental was it looks like it's
fighting against stuff that start to it
back up one end my turn technically
would be like always turned she's been
waiting for you to move you Nico said
move forward when I move forward you
nicely about it after I moved oh well
she got that confused she's moving up
but just keeping her distance holding
her acts in a very threatening fashion
great this she's putting back to mr.
elemental and he takes one artist you
got an older between miss you duck I
don't know did he doc I got it you
probably don't and it takes the other
hand jump over it 18 hit 18 to hit oh
the big right hand comes in and goes
like this across his face ouch I'll do
you know open palm trees six points of
data so soon in the mouth maybe gasp
like you all the other characters like
arrows like bran bad
it's okay you're sick yes I'll heal you
I more than nothing it sounds good
alright elementa lenses turn ok Dexter
you save person 16 to see if things burn
16 it is 16 coming right up six and so
it gets caught in your flaming sphere
and starts burning its back is like it's
not it's an elemental this side just
like seven points and ash and the four
lights on fire and just tiny little
embers of the blow away in the wind and
suddenly the old men through girls are
too wonderful and it just like falls on
its knees and just sits there still I
move this here or to this fungus right
there on the stone it just shrivels up
and continue that to the next fungus
perception check any more fungus you
have a fun piece down there all the one
blend out my eyes some fungus got in my
eye again tell him just ribbit of all a
fungus that's around their claim wall
flames here goes out right guys are
other one you should look to make sure
right like I'm like fungus sticking up
at 17 no fungus to be seen there's a
fungus right on your head now Johnny
there's nothing right how did I fail so
bad I sit down and the rock elemental
was just started looking for he's just
like cool I'm gonna get rest and heal
himself and shit I'm gonna cast cute
well I'm feeling show along to us well
I'm just hop a push imma push pop like
this or shave off like two poches
honestly just what I'm gonna do this one
too
I walk up to the earth elemental I slip
off my glove mm-hmm and I placed my hand
slowly on top of it we do that what do I
feel it's like warm it's like warm rock
it's just like it's just like slowly
shifting just like a very much you're
scraping of rocks I'm just gonna be like
this and kind of pet it a little bit it
goes like this toes and it looks up and
sees you right knee I back it stands up
back tall and sits there lumbering I
hope and since its come here to help you
and it basically looks at you and nods
it sounds like boulders just like
cracking and just this deep stone movie
eh this guy seems pretty chill yeah well
yeah he does now I logo hey tic and TAC
and they're like I don't want to do okay
coming up hey you know what this thing
is they're like they look at each other
and know it pretty much what I figure
taking tak would contribute all right
good old chicken back I'm gonna come up
to it also what I've drink my health
potions um not doing very well sail by
the way I'm doing okay there's an army
moving towards my home tree towards our
families right now are you with us
that's one more time great i'll do an
intro texas trying to check out to
understand more about this earth about
elements i've never encountered one
before so natural 20 well it's an earth
elemental large creature it's neutral
alignment can do things that are evil
have commanded does things for good if
persuaded it walks as fast is it burrows
it can move underground as fast as it
walks at 30 feet what it magic is
putting keeping them together magic
keeps him together he was born of a
wizard's eons ago they do not exist in
nature they are only created from magic
it's vulnerable to like electricity and
stuff like that but pretty much
everything else blows in and piercing
slashing everything it's got a
resistance because it's made out of rock
what are we going to name it where I
name it also in maybe another situation
you could imagine this thing plowing
through buildings in fact it's a siege
monster that's how it deals double
damage to structures basically okay um
so it's pretty cool guy he says he looks
great oh come on why exactly yeah I
think I should probably jog back to my
tree real quick and just like patch
myself up real fast what how many what
are you at ik teen out of 33 here
whenever yours have another potion I'll
give you one of my potion oh thank you
it is a 2d four plus two great bottoms
up dude max roll
nice made mason made use of that potion
even like drizzle something about you no
wonder is this some we're gonna move
let's do it so with that you guys leave
the cave that bear the Beast creature
okay which I am actually it is my / one
of my favorite enemies is beast so I
could actually track it myself oh shoot
which I'm actually gonna do oh shoot I
get advantage on rules for tracking any
beast glad I have favored yeah maker 19
oh my names are relative to track where
this thing might be no surprise here
what do you have a good feeling it's in
this part of the forest right here you
can sense that there's something there
you just can't see it let's let's fan
out and China Sea see if we can find you
I have those guys from like heck heck
store whatever were you know expendable
but man these lizards I all these guys
to die dude ticketek they're like my
pokemons they're like Mike don't call my
almost like children you're almost like
poker beko you already you have to get
children to fuck me they're like you're
like my bike your other like children
these other pills and over you were
placed attune I think me I think
nobody's got a complex going on like
this is are you gonna judge me are you
gonna judge me for what happened no no
climbing trees on this guy doing monkeys
gonna climb a tree Oh go go check out
over here I think I dragging on the
ground sure yeah it's gonna look around
too that's all all roll perceptions
anyways we'll use your eyeballs let's
see use my eyeballs I got a 319 plus a
for some of the F or so 20 30 more than
just a couple muscles here goes okay you
see a lumber to use your strong cos I'm
going beasts in the forest well I think
it's big look we hear footsteps and it
just and that's you see you see it there
it's pretty far away but that guy was
pretty big what guys I saw I saw a big
bear-like creature it had to be at least
20 feet tall you saw it I saw it for a
second it just between some trees it's
gone it was right over right over there
right over there yeah I'm gonna I'm
gonna run over we run over and the Chuck
still a lot of the look i think i'm
gonna look at the ground i'm gonna use a
nature shark to kind of like see just
try to look for its Prince we're drink
one more health potion hmm not a bad
mood day does matter cuz it critically
failed it bumped into the street and
it's seen rocks knowledge nature
character 17 look what is that did
usually ended up it's it's an owl bear
that's right it's the weirdest most
screwed-up dumb creature and D&D I don't
know until I got this miniature I didn't
fully understand why that's an all bear
miniature it's an owl bear it's a bear
with a towelhead with feathers and
center for it seems to be avoiding you
guys you've tracked it down but it
doesn't seem to like really want to
engage you it's just kind of beasts of
the wild there's I yell out to it
there's no reason to hide there's no
reason to be afraid guys your mom looks
at you and just keeps walking it's beast
it's an animal does not speak common the
druid did tell us I'm gonna speak I was
wrong arms down confronted
just kidding i blessed event right
you're right but you're right you're
right you say brand say that as I said
kaskell I stop Brandon I think you're up
man yeah I really yep I can I get it so
me and we can take so what is it I mean
I take my arm up here if you come up
with me I can help you take her own okay
come over yummy let's let's have her
like let's have a tomtom go in there
we're not naming him talk about Jack and
tum tum come on Tom times made of rock
he's basically a total teacher look what
you started I didn't pick and he picked
it it's a sweet no key with a 19 for
deception on Damien Oh a straight of
light of teryan telling that Tumtum pick
the name tum tum how do you pick it what
do you do I mean I was walking next to
him and I said hey what's up he said
that's it was your name Tom times I tell
them to I'm like oh cool oh my
perception against it hmm I got a 11
yeah all right well instead at home tom
yeah it's a name Tom too weird yeah I
guess they have names it's weird yeah me
I guess everything's good amazed all
right oh go Gator hey hey Tom Tom come
over here buddy and it just goes in the
ground and then up from the ground
behind you and standing there see that
thing over there that weird looking
thing over there
no no see that thing over there go see
what it wants it might try to punch you
just put your back it goes like this
code gray hmm we don't really want him
to start hitting them yeah we do it just
wants a feat of strength you want it
wants to test us all right brand you got
32 inch biceps it's basically the same
size is some time yeah so all right Oh
guys I'm gonna wrestle this out there
kool be your coach all right I'm gonna
go over mr. unbuckle it go yeah I'm ugly
i'm taking off his heavy plate armor
ready for this get all greased up like
I'm looking like I want to wrestle all
right and it looks at you and now that
you're not wearing any like glinting
metal or anything like that it it slows
its pace and starts to step side to side
like it might want to attack you or
something like that but kind of you're
not sure what its gonna do but it's kind
of certainly has its targets on you now
that you disarmed okay roll perception
with a with a 16 she's kind of see like
what kind of style fires it might be
it's gonna jump on you and try and like
pin you and strangle you and knock you
out and you got to do that first so move
in here and keeps facing you it doesn't
move you're gonna roll initiatives and
it's rolling initiative against you it's
on initiative is hey all time well you
beat it you get the first move I'm
moving in here and I'm gonna grab try to
grapple and grapple them down into the
ground here all right you're rolling
against his role right now okay so roll
its full strength check go for it 23 oh
my god you ace it right away you grab it
and it's grappled and what how come what
kind of grapple this is lexi i got them
i'm moving in here last but I go and I
grab them kind of like get them over
money just boom right down to the ground
Teddy's on the ground huh yeah if you're
holding it and this huge thing he's like
riding on top of this thing that's four
times of Sergeant Andy he's on the
ground like moving trying to break free
got hit a mine got all right I'm gonna
get a rivet move my arms are up around
the neck area here trying to trying to
get him into a submission you got it you
got it all right it'sit's turn it's
doing its gonna try and break free rule
against me again oh I got a 19 you keep
holding them down its back to you gets
back to your turn it's just I can't do
anything you're holding it down it's
your turn I'm locked in I've got him
around the neck I've got them in a good
place here I'm hold on and say hey we
need your help and it's just like this
it's making this weird ass I will sound
despite this huge statue it's a little
weird how it's chriqui but huge City
onoki try to communicate with this thing
yeah okay I cast a spell speak with
animals yeah and through telekinesis
speak to it and say well we've
demonstrated our strength we need your
help to save the woods join our cause
antico circus and it's like eyes maple
is it yours and add Arkansas around the
eyes sighs look at you cuz you're in
telekinesis mode you hit you here like
in a really intense voice it's in common
you know it's speaking in animal here
like that's I've getting all right brain
let him up all right i got this rounded
up
stand back fanart us mama appreciated
yeah it would be appreciated brand
completely oiled up and sweaty and
almost new pops off the air I'll bear an
alibi stands back and steps off the
tubes stand apart in an uneasy truce and
it's very clear that you bested this
great beast of the wild and in fact I'll
just made a game here that happened
really fast i was expecting there to be
a little more like rough and tumble but
I'm you just straight up like completely
shocked boom yeah the full Ronda
Rousey's how about the opener really the
point is it's clear the Albert respects
your ways and it's definitely a
temporary Ally and he's pretty huge a
big deal it's kind of a big deal
probably everything I've ever seen
really you've now gained another ally
well we can only shake hands without
there and most of all hands without you
guys rather than turning towards the
side of evil you have found your way in
nature and made allies with the beasts
that naturally reside in your land
therefore creating a much stronger
Alliance than you could have ever had by
dealing with those hex door occultists
good weather breakfast to this next time
the amount of time that it's taken to
basically tame these beasts has eaten in
to the amount of time you'll have to
plan for the battle because the amount
of work and effort required to deal with
their individual problems and go through
those respects rather than the easy way
of just summoning a beast from the bull
you know the under hell's and shit like
that what that means is next when you
find this army they may or may not be
one step ahead they did good today guys
thank you Darien let's move in stealth
and find that
see what they are up to see where they
are in the name flame oh cool I still
speak with animals what I asked him what
his name is you hear him say hootie-hoo
okay who do you who do you who do you
who and tomtom real macho names with
that you guys forging alliances with the
great hootie-hoo and tum tum the rock
beast now must venture forth into the
oncoming battle
