our heroes faced with an oncoming force
have decided to venture out into the
wilderness to find allies beasts
monsters animals that lay within the
land to help them in their babble today
they must face the oncoming force where
we left off you guys just managed to
tame and out there through brands heroic
actions of stripping himself of all his
armor and straight up wrestling the
alabare to the ground he put them into
submission so quickly that I didn't even
expect it to happen that fast but it did
it happened and now you guys have an
earth elemental and an Al bear on your
side as well as tick attack the cool
little lizard bros and olga the super
butch barbarian lady with an axe the AL
bear is named hootie-hoo as per its own
i guess the decision night I forget
exactly its own fake to say yeah it was
on his own fake decision and then tomtom
the earth elemental as which no key
named it little Tom shawn marion doesn't
know that yeah imma Battaglia here that
for the record after a mad after i
realized i forgot my armor on the ground
i went and picked it back up i'm right
back oh yeah put Matt gun solid move
word on the street is that there are
some people who want your blood just
like you wanted theirs in the last part
of the campaign they are not going to
stop until they get there they get what
is theirs and what is theirs is your
blood they won't reply we disagree that
Bloods my blood there happens to be a
slight disagreement on whose blood it is
I think our rolling death squad is ready
I think we're ready to roll and we're
going to go to find this army
alright everybody here we're close and I
imagine we'll find the army with an hour
so starting right now and casting x
without a trace what does that do we all
now get plus ten bonuses to our staff
dress that's incredible and you're gonna
need it because the extra hoops you have
to jump through to gain nature's allies
have a costume time in this on coming
battle so you can expect the enemy to be
at least one step ahead of you so all
bear has keen site I suggest perhaps
I'll bear make his way for the woods
investigate it was pretty stealthy in
the past especially when people have our
it was actually really stealthy we
didn't see him and now he'll probably be
incredibly stealthy okay I'll like I'll
let you deal with talking him because
you guys have a little relationship
going on that I don't know nothing I
don't I can't I can't talk goes oh yeah
like I touch that started to find what
we have yeah mmm so you don't need to
put leaders on everything who do you it
looks at you and says pretty who is it's
an elder alright bead the stealthiest
you can be and go and see if there's any
army up there it goes and does that
exact same thing with its plus ten
stealth that you've now granted it
correct mm yeah I'm gonna also stealth
out uh what time of day is it can you
like me give me an idea five pm-5 p.m.
oh I'm gonna sit back and be like
I'm a castle spell oh this Bell to tells
me the weather and what it would be like
the next 24 hours it manifests itself in
a little visual representation a small
snow globe appearance before you and
within it is not snow but clear daylight
I'm gonna stuff my way forward I guess
the Albert will also stealth his way
forward I'm going to Summerland ok it's
a natural 20 natty for me boys so the AL
bear does its darndest to sneak in these
woods he's gonna walk up generally to
the out to the edge of the trees here
you seem venture forth since venturing
I'm going to scan the ground with my my
good eyes and I'm gonna do eight
perception a perception because I'm
moving pretty quickly I'm trying to like
figure out what's most LP I'm pretty
stealth by roldan a t20 so I'm very
stealthily quickly moving through the AL
bear walks up to right about here and
you hear a sound yeah it's like oh and
you hear the sound above it calling it
that's easily okay I'm gonna I'm gonna
forget wanna get up to it
I take the group and I think we should
all just slowly stealthily move up a
little bit what you guys think yeah I
agree all right dad well I walk up to
now bear and I put my hand on its back
and it looks to his left you see an
archer in the trees does he see us
behind a tree any spots you guys and you
spot him and sees that and he starts
booking it okay I'm gonna shoot at him
with my arrow my arrow launcher all
right go for it
11
miss suszek movie she is initiative it's
you and the AL Baron literature okay 13
you hear the sound of a crossbow crap
this is 16 hit you I have Margaret
classes 16 yes it is it an arrow flies
in from this direction and hits you and
deals you Sixpoint damage ah it's a bolt
right and you see there's an art show
standing here as well that you did not
catch there's the reception now it's
initiative and you are next 2828 in
which all this gets damaged nice i do 10
damage to usable their appearance is
back but he's not dead and then I'm
going to shoot him again do it again do
it again but hold on rorey shot once oh
okay I get two shots another 28 to it
yeah it's 12 inch the arrow second arrow
hits him and he falls crumples hits a
spacing it's a stone it dies on the spot
now is a no concern can move up what's
up from checking the woods
I can tell with one all right mr. and
Brandon brands turn AC and stuff plus 10
ok
closing this delbrone 18 the AL bears
turn he sees the other Archer one two
three four five six seven eight you
sprint towards this other Archer in the
other arms really cool this giant
monsters coming towards them and the AL
bear goes cold one hit one down with the
claw mrs. the Dodgers huh and then he
takes his beacon opens it up comes down
on them again invites and totally misses
in the archers and just barely dodging
the attacks that means it is now this
original articles turn it this engaging
okay full round action or using using
that as a nation to one two three four
five six he starts sprinting back
towards the bridge and it is now you're
drunk I am going to step forward turn
should narrow this guy's head as he runs
fine see him with running room by 22 hit
he didn't take any damage trucks yeah
it's coming in about two
11 damage some hit something close his
run Jonna there oh shoot again Oh 28
hits at a creek 13 damage ood darienne's
making bodies mmm so then it gets the
sounding alarms or anything hold your
passive perception my passive position
is a 13 you see two very large looming
figures and distance over the river in
fact oh dang they're big and you can
only see them because they're so tall at
their heads poke far beyond the height
of these walls that's all you can see
from where you're standing they can
potentially see you you can see their
heads turn towards the distance sounds
of I guess screams and bodies hitting
the float
they're now looking around to see what's
the cause of the sound guys used to roll
against them or not yes stealth let's go
everybody hi I'm gonna hit the ground
2825 role that one every single person
is good but you see both of them going
this look straight at you they both are
old 19 and you hear the moat there you
hear this garbled language they seem to
be screaming and they both turn to
something down on the ground behind them
yelling at this thing the yellow these
sounds at them Sam I move three squares
up one two three just everybody into a
30 foot radius around me and a cast of
water breathing up sounds good up to ten
allies can now breathe under water for
24 hours right cool I'm gonna go over to
this body and retrieve my arrows we have
real nice arrows
okay they're they're watching you while
you okay I'm just watching I'm just have
my eyes on them as you pull there is a
simile know what I can move you can do
right now we're out of initiative over
here oh my arrows of this guy to myself
so I miss tell my way to a girl's bran
has to just come with me michelle's will
bring all our friends yeah I'm good with
that all right all our friends are move
also something something sorry well
Darien is down there I'm gonna stealth
my way across this field in integral
okay you've moved into the river I'm
underwater all right no keys underwater
perception a third 23 alright 23 this is
what 23 gets you a mage standing here 23
also gets the other lady manage
someone's standing this window for the
weapon
an archer
two people with crossbows and swords who
have their crossbows deployed standing
there what looks to be a champion an
Elvish warrior with a long standing
beside the champion they set their head
squad dude I'm itching to casting spells
he's just under water just like thank
you Sam I'm gonna cast a spell it spell
ready the cast very high very bad oh
alright intimidating 20-foot Q so castle
right here each object in a 20-foot cube
within range is outlined in blue green
or violet light your choice I'll take
green I'm drew it the forest nice choice
man any creature in the area when the
spell is cast also outlined in light if
it fails a dexterity saving throw the
exam for the duration objects and
effective features shed dim light in a
ten-foot radius any attack roll against
an affected creature object has
advantage the attacker can't see it
there you go every hit so everyone just
is glowing yeah all right lil ro DIC be
really hard to miss missa they're also
gonna realize that they're all glowing
and be like hey why we all go on a
shooting give me one moment there's a
lot of people
the ethical
so nothing that is only level one it was
just like a bubble check out those
bubbles over there no keys faerie fire
like this little thing like from under
the water a little like thing goes like
they're all I put the heck I see this
thing coming towards me comes down them
they're all like looking at it I'm like
hey do you see this weird outline on me
what what's going on and the ogres and
this ettin turn towards each other
they're both glowing they're going like
hard I think they're like freaking out i
got a horn blow going on they're like
really confused why they're glowing the
champion is also glowing hard as well
everyone else past it all right return
to rock elemental like dude time to
shine suggest traveling Underground even
though you had a stealth so he's gonna
he's gonna burrow down in there it goes
like this burrows down the desire headed
into attack I want him going towards
right towards the bridge Ford's effort
he can probably go under the river he
came engine goes those guys are some big
these are something there's a big d's
are some rough tough customer there's a
rough-and-tumble customers right now i'm
tempted to haven't take another Brittany
I'm gonna have our main man here Raquel
mental post up pretty much you want to
stay underground underground like he's
almost inside of the bridge all right so
he's finally comes underground right on
the edge right here that's all right so
he's pointed out hold up and the
lizard's is like it's time you guys
won't be on a team this is where this is
where he knows this is Judgment Day
right here we're gonna be judging you
guys then we're gonna be ranking you
guys basically perform estates thank you
the kobolds clack so I need you guys to
go up here and post up on this uh they
technically move like top tier operators
the kobolds hi Donnie beside they're
like getting ready for the relaxes and
Hogan's she's going to we're gonna
stealth to hear I assume we pretty much
make it as close as the trees will let
us go here everyone's moved everyone's
moved up yep as we know this fairy
partner has exploded within this group
and everyone's kind of like figuring
like whoa what's going on where we were
going on and all that stuff the mage
issues a command Viet which walks
towards the water to figure out the
source of this the ogre
steps back
with the mage the people with arrows fan
out
the champion and the other swordsmen
move up there searching they're looking
for you guys so we're not in Asia we're
not an issue just slip down the stream
they're all they're all in search mode
I'm gonna be rolling as you guys moved
actin so you have to be rolling stealth
perceptions etc because they are gonna
be countering every single thing you
know faerie fire it was cool but I can't
concentrate i'm terry fire right now
there's so much bigger things I should
be doing Fran and Al bear I'm gonna roll
elvet alabare stealth check where you
guys what was yours mine was 21 you guys
are perfect cool I look over at you put
your dry right here and with my eyes
it's not my voice I ask you we're gonna
do this is that that what the plan is
right now like a look at those huge guys
but what's what's the plan now like what
we're gonna do I'm looking back to
towards you don't cross that don't cross
that bridge I learned something this
week and that certain something came to
me from my forest elements around me as
a druid and that certain feelings called
call lightning and so I look into the
air above those guys and I focus for a
second and a storm cloud forms 10 feet
high 60 feet wide over this point
and with that something I can call it
exactly that right to the well every
creature within five feet of that Dyson
let's make a dexterity saving throw name
of speed system champion knows everyone
else fails okay they take 3d 10 damage
16 at seven to handle aim ah 99 ever d
yep how are you be now drifted
underneath the bridge okay yep so that
being said everyone's long initiative
and it's a massive initiative round it's
gonna get crazy so begins Darien gets
the first move okay I'm gonna step over
here let me draw my arrow and I'm going
to pull back extra hard and will use my
sharpshooter Billy take minus 5 my role
for extent extra 10 damage i shoot this
guy right here oh oh baby uh 22 that's a
certain that's a strike okay so you got
even weekend up yeah oh yes okay so I
rolled to these fools oh cuz they're me
doing ya thing I got classes Slayer heck
yeah it's not exactly a colossus but you
I do 19 damage to him Sam did you I some
hard he gets hit in the neck and he
spins a tornado blood among his comrades
and would you say it was a jangan juicy
tornado Ginga remember Jenga dude the
game just Jenga say I'm come on come on
good idea you came up with Django you
wouldn't vintage Angus am everyone Ganga
Jenga there we go Jenga on his neck
little backbone that little that little
own right there and the bag was neck
it's just like your arrow is here and it
goes like and pushes a little bone out
of the way pops out the back of his neck
and
he is guns up he's I did good you know
I'm so happy you got Jenga see good Jake
oh man I hope I don't look at each other
and that Emily yeah and then I'm going
to draw another arrow and shoot this guy
here boom 9020 incredible 16 damaged old
but it's a critical yeah rule double
damage yeah 16 damage he's like this oh
he dies instantly and then I duck my
head down ahead my train the champions
turn the champion draws his sword and
steps back with this group
and then it is the remaining arches turn
and he steps back foot or two here and
sees Darien firing arrows the first
strike but I ducked down just this the
arrow deflects off the rocks that's a
close on man thank you beautiful girls
made your wife a widow the maid starts
casting a spell you see a bunch of magic
happen Brandi returned can I just get
into the river or the stile just go ever
all right moment come into the water you
can swim it I pretty much have speed
something have to be so I was there one
are you excited cool oh good I'll bear
stern I would skip the earth element
election in my bed all right I'm gonna
have him just burrow here and just chill
out he's gonna be burrowed out okay and
I'm Dalbir start walking this way and I
want him to frickin get up off on this
bridge and look at these fools up in
their eyes dude and he walks up there
any Kazakh and it's like it fruits
everything out because such an awkward
high-pitched and he's going to flap his
arms he's doing it Bob cool that's their
turn now it's the ends turn he turns one
two three four five six seven eight just
please overturns
one two three four five he's on the very
edge here oh she just barreling through
the water he's just crossing river
moving to the other side and that is the
end of their Turner the swordsman walks
sees the out there one two three four
and he readies in action ready to strike
if it comes within range I can tell
there's no keys turn then Olga and then
lives in people's all right sick here's
the thing I've been focused that's all
time in the water in fact I haven't
broken my concentration but storm cloud
is still there boom lightning strikes
right here nice move anywhere dexterity
checks champion in the mage right yep
you strike the mage not the champion ok
major takes 8 plus 5 plus 2 15 t-shirt
the mage takes got it strengthening ah
dang lightning the guy right angle I
overturn ok I'll go Oh Olga you and
Albert hold off the end I'll try to deal
with this guy over here and she's like
shit that's that's her term she's gonna
all right sit here I mean the lizard
ship anyway cools the kobolds are like
hope they're like shaking and they're
not sure what to do did you tag her
probably die they're probably gonna die
faster than it takes Steven think about
is exactly like dead yeah my turn here
I'm gonna try my sharpshooter ability
and shoot him a min just write a guy
yeah shoot this guy right throat as he's
coming through the water before me move
after your attack uh 14 I'm squash miss
ok there's not about it mrs. it's just
that it doesn't all right I'm gonna
bounce off thought other a shoot at him
I like to mention it is exactly like
Princess Mononoke o- that's a whiff I'm
gonna just back up a couple steps and
then i'm gonna yell to the owl bear and
tell them that this thing's coming yeah
i'm just gonna pretty much go back to
back and Olga that's it that's all I got
it's all I got sometimes it's all you
guys sometimes only on then it is this
archers turn and he sees the alabare
coming over the bridge and he takes a
shot my character hates you're gonna
like this I'd hits once boom on the I'll
bear the Olsen seven points of damage
and he can take it mages turn sees the
elevator coming up and over as well and
she casts magic missile spell she was
all these measurements and start flying
over she's 36 hmm 10 damage on the all
bear as well it is brands turn sweet use
my full turn one two three
five six seven eight
well 16 right here we're on the backside
the cops folks 16 all right what a nice
1216 listen we're back that's the
elementals turn the earth elemental it's
clobberin yeah rage oh yeah cease these
guys office he's gonna go for them all
right so he pops up burst out of the
ground rocks and dirt and everything
falling everywhere he goes with major
moves over moves up to the mage start
swinging two three whips it second hand
for whiffs it sorry that's bad news
because it's now the big guys one two
three four five six seven he moves up to
here he can move up that far and one
little kobold there stands there with
his axe was he ready to strike at him oh
yeah i'll give him free actually nurse
he scared but he's just waiting to
strike suit and the cobalt has his ready
to strike he's just sitting there you
old the 19 he deals in four points of
damage the aetna the pickaxe goes into
his knee and the Ettin looks down at his
name is little pickaxe or like a
toothpick in his leg the right head
looks at its mace swings with it he gets
he rolls a 19 plus seven meaning at 26
and deals him 13 points of damage the
Mase comes through the kobold any kind
of liquifies this basically just
explodes over the ground there that
ticket at a second head takes that giant
axe of it and then sees Olga it's got a
10 foot reach because it's such a large
creature and swings that Olga
that's I rolled an 18 plus seven so
that's 25 that's another hit they're so
old it sitting there 2259 damage on the
axon old 09 on her mmm and that's the
end of its turn and then the ogre just
casually walks through these trees 4 5 6
7 12 stop stick and that's the end of
their turns tak needs to save tic tac
just got liquefied in fixed and rough
time I yield tick tick Ron yeah giggles
jumps in the water Oh hoot I need your
help boots he goes him charge the school
got her straight up we get you off an
attack you want me to attack yeah so who
turns around and sees this giant ogre
and he takes both of his cloths you see
these sharp blades Trude from his
fingers and he makes one attack it's a
hip it makes a second attack with his
other pot it's another hair 13 damage
second attack 31 damage wow you just see
over flesh just like ripping out nice
